Note that this document contains the OBJECTIVE section of each modern
ACATS test (those added since ACVC 1.12). None of the legacy tests are
included.

B324001

Check that a predicate aspect must be of boolean type. Check that a
predicate may be given only on type and subtype declarations. Check
that a predicate may not be given on an incomplete subtype. Check
that a Static_Predicate must be predicate-static.

B324002

Check that array index subtypes and entry family subtypes can't have
predicates. Check that 'First and the like are not allowed for
scalar subtypes with predicates. Check that for loops are not allowed
for dynamic predicates. Check that a nonstatic subtype named in
an aggregate choice of a named array aggregate cannot have a predicate.
Check that a subtype with a dynamic predicate is not static.

B324003

Check that rules prohibiting use of subtypes with predicates are
enforced in generic instances.

B324004

Check that a Predicate_Failure aspect cannot be given on an entity other
than a type or subtype.
    
Check that the Predicate_Failure aspect cannot be specified on a type or 
subtype that does not also have a Static_Predicate or Dynamic_Predicate 
aspect specified.

Check that the expression of a Predicate_Failure aspect must have type
String.

B330001

Check that if a subtype indication of a variable object defines an
indefinite subtype, then there is an initialization. Check that if  the
array type definition of a variable object defines an unconstrained
array subtype, then there is an initialization. Check that indefinite
subtypes may not be used as the subtype indication of a component
definition (in either an array or a record definition).

B350001

Check that Legality Rules are enforced when Default_Value is specified.

B354001

Check that the expression of a modular_type_definition must be static
and that the expected type of the expression can be of any integer
type.  Check that the modulus must be positive. Check that moduli that
are powers of two are allowed up to and including, but not exceeding,
System.Max_Binary_Modulus. Check that non-power-of-two moduli are
allowed as long as they do not exceed System.Max_Nonbinary_Modulus.
Check that the value of a potentially static expression of a modular
type that appears in a nonstatic context must be within the base range
of its expected type. Check that the predefined logical operators and
membership tests are available.

B354002

Check that the prefix of the Mod attribute must be a modular subtype.
Check that the result subtype of the Mod attribute is the subtype
identified by the prefix. Check that the argument of the Mod attribute
can be any integer type.

B35A001

Check that Legality Rules are enforced when Small is specified with
an aspect specification.

B360001

Check that Legality Rules are enforced when Default_Component_Value is
specified.

B370001

Check that a discriminant specification for an access discriminant
with a default expression may not appear in the declaration of a
type (that is not a task or protected type) if it or one of
its ancestors is not an explicitly limited record type.

   Check for basic cases, including a type that is limited only
   due to the presence of a limited component.

   Check for the generic case, where the type is derived from
   a limited untagged formal private type, or a formal untagged
   derived type.

   Check for the instance case, where the type is derived from a
   limited formal private type, and the corresponding actual
   is not explictly limited, or a task or protected type.
   Check in both the visible and private part of an instance.

B370002

Check that for derived types with known discriminant parts the parent
subtype must be constrained; if the parent type is not tagged, each
discriminant of the new type must be used in the constraint defining
the parent subtype; and, if a discriminant is used in the constraint
defining the parent subtype, the subtype of that discriminant must be
statically compatible with the subtype of the corresponding parent
discriminant.

B371001

Check that a discriminant_constraint of a general access type is illegal
if the designated type has default expressions for its discriminants.

Check that a discriminant_constraint of an access type is illegal
if the designated type has a partial view that is constrained.

B380001

Check that the name of a non-inherited discriminant can be the same as
the name of a newly added component.  Check that the name of the
current instance of a type used to define the constraint of a component
may only be used as a direct_name that is the prefix of an
attribute_reference whose result is of an access type, and that the
attribute_reference must appear alone.  Check that the name of a
non-inherited discriminant is not allowed within the discriminant
part.

B390001

Check that: Class wide objects are required to be initialized (whether
created by object declaration or an allocator).   Aggregates of a class
wide type are required to be qualified with a specific type when their
expected type is class-wide. Tagged private and tagged limited private
require the full type to be  a tagged record type. The attribute 'Class
is not defined for untagged types. The Class attribute is defined for
untagged private types whose full type is tagged, but only in the
private part of the package in which the type is declared.

B391001

Check that: A discriminant on a tagged type is not allowed to have a
default. Private record extension is not allowed to be declared
immediately within a subprogram declarative region. Record extension of
a nonlimited type does not allow limited components. A record extension
may not be declared in a nested package where it is not accessible from
the declaration of its parent type. Record extension does not allow
repeating identifiers used in the parent declaration.

B391002

Check that a type extension may not be declared in a generic body if
the parent type is a descendant of a formal type declared in the
formal part of the generic unit.

B391003

Check that the parent type of a record extension may not be a
class-wide type.  Check for the basic case.  Check for the generic
case, where the parent type is the class-wide type of a formal tagged
private type or formal private extension.  Check for the instance case,
where the parent type is a formal tagged private type or formal private
extension, and the corresponding actual type is a class-wide type.
Check that this rule is enforced in the visible and private part of an
instance.

B391004

Check that if a (non-derived) tagged type has any limited components,
the reserved word limited must appear in its definition. Check for
basic and generic cases.  Check that if the parent type of a record
extension is nonlimited, each of the components of the record extension
part must be nonlimited. Check for generic declarations and instances.

B392001

Check that a default_expression for a controlling formal parameter  of
a dispatching operation may not be statically tagged.

B392002

Check that a subprogram may not be a dispatching operation for two
distinct tagged types (in a package).

B392003

Check that: A dispatching operation which overrides an inherited
subprogram is  required to be subtype conformant with the inherited
subprogram. The declaration of dispatching operations does not allow
the use of  subtypes which do not statically match the first subtype of
the tagged  type (in a package).

B392004

Check that: A dynamically tagged value is not allowed in an object or
expression for which the expected type is a specific tagged value
(unless it is  a controlling operand on a dispatching operation).   An
access-to-classwide type is not allowed in an expression for which the
expected type is an anonymous access to specific type  (unless it is a
controlling operand on a dispatching operation).   A call on
dispatching operation may not have both dynamically tagged and
statically tagged controlling operands.

B392005

Check that a subprogram may not be a dispatching operation for two
different tagged types (in a child unit package).

B392006

Check that a default_expression for a controlling formal parameter  of
a dispatching operation must be tag indeterminate.  Specifically, check
that it may not be dynamically tagged.

B392007

Check that a dispatching operation declared in a child package which
overrides an inherited subprogram declared in parent is required to  be
subtype conformant with the inherited subprogram.

B392008

Check that a subprogram call through a dereference of an access-to-
subprogram value is not considered a call on a dispatching operation;
therefore, the actual parameter in such a subprogram call may not be
dynamically tagged. Check for the case where the access-to-subprogram
type is a generic formal type.

B392009

Check that a subprogram call through a dereference of an access-to-
subprogram value is not considered a call on a dispatching operation;
therefore, the actual parameter in such a subprogram call may not be
dynamically tagged. Check that a designated profile of an
access-to-subprogram type which contains parameters of a tagged type
does not introduce a primitive operation of the tagged type.

B392010

Check that a primitive operation of two tagged types is
illegal, even when the types are not known to be tagged at the
place where the operation is declared. This was confirmed by
AI-00183.

B393001

Check that: Objects and aggregates may not be defined or allocated of
an abstract  type. The type of a component may not be abstract. A
function defined with an abstract result type must be declared
abstract. If an abstract subprogram is defined as a primitive
subprogram of a a tagged type, then the tagged type must be abstract.
The full type of a non-abstract private extension may not be abstract.
The full type of an abstract private extension may be non-abstract.

B393002

Check that incorrect orderings of reserved words in a tagged type
declaration are flagged as illegal.

B393003

Check that: Bodies are not allowed for abstract subprograms. An
abstract subprogram defined using a combination of concrete and
abstract types remains abstract upon derivation from the concrete type.
The target of an assignment operation may not be abstract. Subprogram
bodies in a package body that are homographs of inherited primitive
abstract operations are illegal.

B393004

Check that the actual subprogram corresponding to a generic formal
subprogram must not be abstract.

B393005

Check that an abstract type derived from a tagged parent may override
primitive functions with controlling results as abstract.  Check that
an abstract type derived from a tagged parent may not override
primitive functions with controlling results as not abstract.  Check
that when a non-abstract or untagged type is derived from a tagged
parent with a primitive function returning a controlling result, the
function with the controlling result must be overridden.  Check that an
abstract private type may not have a primitive abstract subprogram if
the full view of the type is not abstract.

B393006

Check that, if a non-abstract type is derived from an abstract formal
private type within the generic declaration, an instantiation is
rejected if primitive subprograms that require overriding are
inherited by the derived type from the actual (parent) type
and they are not overridden.

B393007

Check that abstract primitive subprograms for an abstract type declared
in a visible part are not allowed in the private part (unless they are
overriding an inherited subprogram).

Check that primitive functions with controlling results for a tagged
type declared in a visible are not allowed in the private part (unless
they are overriding an inherited subprogram).

Check that a subprogram that requires overriding cannot be renamed
[8.5.4(5.1/2)].

B393008

Check that when a non-abstract type is derived from a
tagged parent with a primitive function returning a controlling
access result, the function with the controlling access result
requires overriding.

B393009

Check that interface types are abstract:
Objects and aggregates may not be defined or allocated of an interface
  type.
The type of a component may not be an interface type.
A function defined with an interface result type must be declared
  abstract (even if it is not primitive).
The target of an assignment operation may not have an interface type.

B393010

Check that abstract primitive subprograms for an interface type
declared in a visible part are not allowed in the private part
(unless they are overriding an inherited subprogram).

B393011

Check that an abstract routine of an abstract partial view overridden
by a non-abstract routine in the private part requires overriding when
it is inherited if the private part is not visible where it is inherited.

B393012

For nonformal tagged abstract types, check that: Aggregates may not be defined
or allocated of an abstract type. Generic in parameters may not be of an
abstract type. A function with an access result type that designates an
abstract result type must be declared abstract. The result type of a generic
function may not be abstract. The designated type of the access result type of
a generic function may not be abstract. The target of an assignment statement
may not be abstract. The return subtype indication of an extended return
statement may not be abstract.

B393013

For nonformal interface types, check that: Generic in parameters may not be of
an abstract type. A function with an access result type that designates an
abstract result type must be declared abstract. The result type of a generic
function may not be abstract. The designated type of the access result type of
a generic function may not be abstract. The return subtype indication of an
extended return statement may not be abstract.

B394001

Check that a primitive subprogram of an interface type cannot be a
subprogram that is neither an abstract subprogram nor a null procedure.

B394A01

Check that the subtype named in an interface list must denote an interface.

B394A02

Check that a descendant of a non-limited interface cannot be limited.

B394A03

Check that a type derived from a task interface must be either a
task interface, task type, or a private extension.

Check that a private extension cannot be derived from both a
task interface and a protected interface.

B394A04

Check that a type derived from a protected interface must be either a
protected interface, protected type, or a private extension.

B394A05

Check that a type derived from a synchronized interface must be one
of a task, protected, or synchronized interface, protected type,
task type, or a private extension.

B3A0001

Check that objects defined to be of a general access type may not
designate an object or component which is not defined to be aliased.
Check that a renaming of an aliased view is also defined to be
aliased. Check that an array slice may not be aliased. Check that the
general access modifiers "all" and "constant" are allowed. Check that
an object designated by an access-to-constant type object cannot be
updated through a value of that type. Check that an object designated
by a value of an access-to-variable type can be both read and
updated.

B3A0002

Check that subtype conformance is required for actual values of access
to subprogram types.  Check that the mode, number and subtype of
parameters must statically match.  Check that the calling convention of
the value must not be Intrinsic.  Check that corresponding subtypes of
the profiles must statically match.  Check that a generic formal
subprogram may not be the actual value of an access to subprogram type
because it cannot subtype-conform with anything.

B3A0003

Check that a designated object cannot be updated through a value of an
access-to-constant type. Check for the cases where the access-to-
constant type is a generic formal type, or a non-formal type declared
within a formal package.

B3A0004

For an array object X used as the prefix for the attributes X'Access or
X'Unchecked_Access, where the expected type for X'Access or
X'Unchecked_Access is the general access type A:  Check that the
nominal subtype of an aliased view of X must statically match A's
designated array subtype.

B3A0005

Check that a dereference of an anonymous access-to-constant type
is a constant.

B3A0006

Check that an anonymous access-to-variable type cannot designate
a constant.

B3A0007

Check that a null_exclusion cannot be given in a construct if the
subtype mark is not an access type or if it excludes null. Check
in subtype indications (in objects, components, subtypes, derived types,
and allocators), discriminants, parameters, function result subtypes,
object renamings, and formal objects.

B3A0008

Check that a null_exclusion cannot be given in a construct if the
subtype mark is a formal access type that excludes null. Check
in subtype indications (in objects, components, subtypes, derived types,
and allocators), discriminants, parameters, function result subtypes,
object renamings, and formal objects.

B3A1001

Normal packages:
(1) Check that an incomplete type is illegal if there is no full type
    that completes it.
(2) Check that an incomplete type given in the visible part of a
    package cannot be completed in the private part or body of the package.
(3) Check that an incomplete type given in a declarative part or package
    cannot be completed in a more nested declarative part or package.

B3A1002

Generic packages:
(1) Check that an incomplete type is illegal if there is no full type
    that completes it.
(2) Check that an incomplete type given in the visible part of a
    package cannot be completed in the private part or body of the package.
(3) Check that an incomplete type given in a declarative part or package
    cannot be completed in a more nested declarative part or package.

B3A1003

Check that an incomplete type cannot be completed by another
incomplete type declaration or a subtype declaration.

B3A1004

Check that a tagged incomplete type cannot be completed by an untagged
type.

B3A1005

Check that if a use of an incomplete type T is part of the declaration
of a primitive subprogram of T, and T is given in the private part of
package P, T must be completed in the same private part.

B3A1006

Check that the name of an untagged incomplete view cannot be used as
the subtype_mark of a parameter in a subprogram_body, entry_body,
or accept_statement. Check that the name of an incomplete view cannot
be used as the subtype_mark of the result of a function body.

Part A: Tagged and untagged incomplete types.

B3A1007

Check that constraints or exclusions other than discriminant constraints
cannot be used on the name of an incomplete view when used as the
subtype mark in an access-to-object definition.

Check that constraints (other than appropriate discriminant constraints)
cannot be used on an access-to-incomplete type.

When the name of an incomplete view is used to declare a subtype, check
that any constraint or null exclusion is illegal.

B3A1008

Check that a dereference of an access-to-incomplete type cannot be used
as a prefix.

B3A1009

Check that the name of a parameter that has an incomplete view cannot
be used as a prefix.

Check that a dereference of an access-to-incomplete view cannot be used
as a prefix.

B3A1010

Check that the name of a parameter that has a tagged formal incomplete
type cannot be used as a prefix.

Check that a dereference of an access-to-formal incomplete type cannot
be used as a prefix.

B3A1011

Check that the controlling parameter or controlling result cannot be an
incomplete view if the call is dynamically tagged.

B3A1A01

Check that the name of an untagged incomplete view cannot be used as
the subtype_mark of a parameter in a subprogram_body, entry_body,
or accept_statement. Check that the name of an incomplete view cannot
be used as the subtype_mark of the result of a function body.

Part B: Tagged and untagged incomplete views imported from a limited view.

B3A1A02

Check that the name of an incomplete view cannot be used in an
allocator.

Check that the name of an incomplete view cannot be used in
the subtype_indication of an object declaration.

Check that the name of an incomplete view cannot be used in
the subtype_indication of a component declaration.

Check that the name of an incomplete view cannot be used in
the subtype_mark of an object renaming.

B3A1A03

Check that the name of an incomplete view cannot be used in a
use type clause.

B3A1A04

Check that the name of a tagged incomplete view cannot be used as
the prefix of the Class attribute used in a context that does not
allow the use of a tagged incomplete view.

B3A1A05

Check that the name of an incomplete view cannot be used in the
subtype_indication of a generic formal object.

B3A1A06

Check that the actual parameter to a call cannot be of an untagged
incomplete view.

Check that the result object of a function call cannot be of an
incomplete view.

B3A2002

Check that: 'Access is not defined for non-aliased objects. For
X'Access of a general access type A, if A is an access-to-constant
type, X can be either a constant or a variable. For X'Access of a
general access type A, if A is an access-to-variable type, X must
denote the view of a variable.  Check for cases where X is a: (a)
Formal in parameter of a tagged type. (b) Generic formal in parameter
of a tagged type. (c) Formal in parameter of a composite type with
aliased components. (d) Function return value of a composite type with
aliased components.

B3A2003

Check that, for X'Access of a general access type A, the accessibility
level of the view denoted by X must not be statically deeper than that
of the access type A.  Check for cases where X is: (a) a view denoted
by an object declaration. (b) a view denoted by a component definition.
(c) a formal parameter of a tagged type.

B3A2004

Check that, for X'Access of a general access type A, the accessibility
level of the view denoted by X must not be statically deeper than that
of the access type A.  Check for cases where X is: (a) a renaming of an
aliased view. (b) a dereference of an access-to-object value. (c) a
view conversion of an aliased view.

B3A2005

Check that, for X'Access of a general access type A, the accessibility
level of the view denoted by X must not be statically deeper than that
of the access type A.  Check for the case where A is an anonymous
access type, and X'Access is used to initialize an access discriminant
of an object created by an allocator.

B3A2006

Check that, for P'Access of an access-to-subprogram type S, the
accessibility level of the subprogram denoted by P must not be
statically deeper than that of S.

B3A2007

Check that, for X'Access of a general access type A, the accessibility
level of the view denoted by X must not be statically deeper than that
of A.  Check for cases where X'Access occurs in the visible part of an
instance and X is declared in the instance itself.  Check for cases
where X is: (a) a view defined by an object declaration. (b) a renaming
of an aliased view. (c) a view conversion of an aliased view.

B3A2008

Check that, for X'Access of a general access type A, the accessibility
level of the view denoted by X must not be statically deeper than that
of A.  Check for cases where X'Access occurs in the private part of an
instance and X is declared in the instance itself.  Check for cases
where X is: (a) a view defined by an object declaration. (b) a view
defined by a component definition. (c) a dereference of an
access-to-object value.

B3A2009

Check that, for P'Access of an access-to-subprogram type S, if the
subprogram denoted by P is declared within a generic body, S must also
be declared within the generic body.

B3A2010

Check that, for P'Access of an access-to-subprogram type S, the
accessibility level of the subprogram denoted by P must not be
statically deeper than that of S. Check for cases where P'Access occurs
in the visible and private part of an instance.

B3A2011

Check that, for X'Access of a general access type A, the accessibility
level of the view denoted by X must not be statically deeper than that
of A.  Check for cases where X'Access occurs in the private part of an
instance and X is passed as an actual during instantiation.  Check for
cases where X is: (a) a view defined by an object declaration. (b) a
renaming of an aliased view. (c) a view conversion of an aliased view.

B3A2012

Check that, for X'Access of a general access type A, the accessibility
level of the view denoted by X must not be statically deeper than that
of A.  Check for cases where X'Access occurs in the visible part of an
instance and X is passed as an actual during instantiation.  Check for
cases where X is: (a) a view defined by an object declaration. (b) a
view denoted by a component definition. (c) a dereference of an
access-to-object value.

B3A2013

Check that, for X'Access of a general access type A, the accessibility
level of the view denoted by X must not be statically deeper than that
of the access type A.    Check for cases where X is: (a) a current
instance of a limited type. (b) a current instance of a limited type in
a type conversion.

B3A2014

Check that, for X'Access of a general access type A, if the designated
type is tagged, the type of the view denoted by X must be covered by
the designated type. Check that if the designated type is not tagged,
the type of the view must be the same, and either A's designated
subtype must statically match the nominal subtype of the view, or the
designated subtype must be discriminated and unconstrained.

B3A2015

Check that, for X'Access of a general access type A, the view denoted
by X must not be a subcomponent that depends on discriminants of an
object unless that object is known to be constrained. Check that, for
a renaming of an object, the renamed entity must not be a subcomponent
that depends on discriminants of an object unless that object is known
to be constrained. Check that if the view denoted by X is that of a
subcomponent of an aliased composite object, the word aliased must
appear in the subcomponent's component definition. Check for objects
which are declared aliased, objects created by an allocator, and formal
parameters of a tagged type.

B3A2016

Check that the type or profile of the prefix of X'Access is used
to resolve the expected type (both for X as an object and as a subprogram).

Check that the kind (pool-specific, access-to-constant, and so
on) of access types that have the appropriate designated type is not
used to resolve the expected type.

Check that different access-to-subprogram types with the same accessed
profile do not match.

B3A2017

Check that, for P'Access of an access-to-subprogram type S, if the
subprogram denoted by P is declared within a generic unit, P'Access
occurs within the body of that generic unit or within the body
of a generic unit declared within the declarative region of the
generic unit, S must be a nonformal type declared within the generic unit.

B3A2018

Check that an explicitly aliased parameter has the same
static accessibility level as a normal parameter unless it used to
compare with the level of the return object.

Check that "the master of the call" is correctly statically determined
for a call on a function containing explicitly aliased parameters.

B413001

If L represents an object of a tagged type, check that the reference
L.R is not intepreted as a prefixed view if the designator R represents
a component of the type T visible at the point of the reference.

B413002

Check that the prefixed view L.R is illegal if the first parameter
of R is an access parameter and L is not an aliased view of an object.

B413003

Check that the prefixed view L.R is illegal if the first parameter
of R is a parameter with mode in out or out and L does not denote
a variable.

Check that the prefixed view L.R is illegal if the first parameter
of R is a parameter with an access-to-variable type and L does not
denote a variable.

B413004

Check that for the reference L.R, if L represents an object or value
of an non-access untagged type T or an access type designating
an untagged type T, and R represents a subprogram with a
first parameter of T, the reference is illegal even if the
subprogram is primitive for T.

Check that for the reference L.R, if L represents an object or value
of an non-access untagged type T or an access type designating
an untagged type T, and R represents a subprogram with a
first access parameter designating T, the reference is illegal
even if the subprogram is primitive for T.

B413005

(1) Check that a call of a prefixed view cannot repeat the first
parameter in the parameter list.

(2) Check that for the reference L.R, if L represents an object of a 
tagged type T or an access type designating a tagged type T, and R 
represents a subprogram with a first parameter of the type T or a 
class-wide type that is covered by T that is not declared immediately
in the declarative region of an ancestor of T, the reference is
illegal.

(3) Check that for the reference L.R, if L represents an object of a
tagged type T or an access type designating a tagged type T, and R
represents a subprogram with some parameter other than the first
parameter of the type T and a first parameter of a non-access
untagged type that is declared immediately in the declarative region
of an ancestor of T, the reference is illegal.

B415001

Check that the name given for an Implicit_Dereference aspect must be
that of an access discriminant for the associated type.

Check that a descendant of a reference type cannot specify a
nonconfirming value for aspect Implicit_Dereference.

Check that Implicit_Dereference cannot be specified for the full view
of a private type or private extension if the partial view has known
discriminants.

Check that Implicit_Dereference cannot be inherited for the full view
of a private type or private extension if the partial view has known
discriminants and does not inherit or specify the same aspect.

B415002

Check that the object denoted by a generalized reference cannot be used
as a variable if the discriminant has an access-to-constant type.

B416001

Check that incorrect definitions of the Constant_Indexing or
Variable_Indexing aspects are detected.

B416002

Check that a generalized indexing is illegal in a variable context
if no Variable_Indexing is specified and Constant_Indexing specifies
a function returning an ordinary object.

B416A01

When both Constant_Indexing and Variable_Indexing are both specified,
check that a generalized indexing is illegal if it is called in
variable contexts when the prefix is a constant and Constant_Indexing
specifies a function returning an ordinary object.

B420001

Check that if the index subtype of a string type is a modular subtype
whose lower bound is zero, then the evaluation of a null string_literal
raises Constraint_Error. This was confirmed by AI95-00138.
Note: If the null string_literal is a static expression (which is usual),
then the Constraint_Error does not happen at run time, but is caught at
compile time by RM-4.9(34).

B430001

Check that an aggregate may not be of a class-wide type.  Check that
"null record" may appear as a record component association list in
record aggregates and extension aggregates. Check that if no components
are needed in a record component association list, "null record" must
appear, and that if components are needed, "null record" must not
appear.

B431001

Check that a positional component association in a record aggregate
cannot have a <> rather than an expression.

B431002

Check that syntax rules for the record component association list are
enforced for an extension aggregate. Specifically:
  (A) A positional component association cannot have a <> rather than
      an expression;
  (B) Named components cannot precede any positional components;
  (C) An others component association cannot appear anywhere other
      than last.

B431003

Check that the type of a record aggregate cannot be for a record
extension that is descended from any private type or private extension.

B431004

Check that legality rules for record component associations are
enforced for an extension aggregate. Specifically:
  (A) The selector names can only name components and discriminants
      of the record extension, and cannot name components of
      other variants or of the type of the ancestor part;
  (B) A component association (other than others => <>) is illegal
      if it does not have an associated component;
  (C) The aggregate is illegal if it has needed components that are
      not associated with any component associations;
  (D) The aggregate is illegal if it has a needed component that is
      associated with more than one component association;
  (E) A component association with an expression cannot have two or
      more associated components of different types.

B431005

Check that a component association with an expression in a record or
extension aggregate that have more than one associated component is
illegal if the expression is illegal for any one of the associated
components.

B431006

Check that if a variant part is not nested in an unselected variant,
the value of the governing discriminant of a variant in a record
aggregate cannot be non-static.

B431007

Check that the type of a record aggregate cannot be a derived type that has an
ancestor for which the current view of the parent of the derived type is not a
descendant of the full view of the ancestor.

B431008

Check that the association in a record aggregate for a discriminant
without a default cannot be given by <>.

B431009

Check that the association in an extension aggregate for a discriminant
without a default cannot be given by <>.

B432001

Check rules related to the type of the ancestor expression or subtype
in an extension aggregate:
   (A) the ancestor type cannot be unrelated to the type of the aggregate;
   (B) the type of the aggregate cannot be derived from the type of
       the ancestor through one or more private extensions;
   (C) the type of the ancestor cannot be untagged;
   (D) the ancestor subtype cannot be classwide;
   (E) the ancestor expression cannot be dynamically tagged;
   (F) the type of the ancestor cannot be the same as or derived from the
       type of the aggregate;
   (G) the type of the aggregate or the components given cannot be used
       to resolve the ancestor expression.
Also, check that the type of an extension aggregate cannot be a
tagged record type or a private extension.

B432002

Check that the type of an extension aggregate cannot be a type such
that the current view of the parent of the aggregate type is not a
descendant of the full view of the ancestor type.

B432003

Check that the subtype_mark of an extension aggregate cannot denote a
view of a type that has unknown discriminants.

B433001

Check that <> is not allowed in positional array aggregates other than
in an others choice.

B433002

Check that a named array aggregate is illegal if it does not cover a
contiguous set of index values because a subtype has a static predicate.

B433003

Check that an others choice is not allowed in an array aggregate in the
expression of a return statement if the subtype of the function return
is unconstrained.

Check that an others choice is not allowed in an array aggregate in the
return expression of an expression function if the subtype of the
function return is unconstrained.

B433004

Check that an others choice is not allowed in an array aggregate which
is the dependent expression of a conditional expression used as:
    * the expression of a return statement if the subtype of the
      function return is unconstrained;
    * the return expression of an expression function if the subtype of
      the function return is unconstrained;
    * the expression of an object declaration if the subtype of the
      object declaration is unconstrained;
    * an actual parameter to a call of a subprogram if the subtype of
      the formal parameter is unconstrained;
    * the operand of a qualified expression if the subtype of the
      qualfied expression is unconstrained.

B440001

Check that the operands of a membership test are simple_expressions, not
choice_expressions.

B455001

Check that if the tested expression has a limited type and the
membership has any choice expressions, the tested type must have
a visible equality operator.

B455002

[A] Check that a universal access equality operator does not resolve
if neither operand is a specific anonymous access type.

[B] Check that a universal access equality operator is illegal if one
of the operands is access-to-object and the other is
access-to-subprogram.

[C] Check that a universal access equality operator is illegal when both
operands have access-to-object types and the designated subtypes of
the operands are different kinds of types.

[D] Check that a universal access equality operator is illegal when both
operands have access-to-object types and the designated subtypes of
the operands are elementary and do not statically match.

[E] Check that a universal access equality operator is illegal when both
operands have access-to-object types and the designated subtypes of the
operands are array types and do not statically match.

[F] Check that a universal access equality operator is illegal when both
operands have access-to-object types and the designated types of the
operands are record types and one does not cover the other.

[G] Check that a universal access equality operator is illegal when both
operands have access-to-subprogram types and the designated profiles of
the operand types are not subtype conformant.

B455002

Check that a universal fixed multiplying operator cannot be used in
a context where the result type is univeral fixed.

B457001

Check that if the selecting expression of a case expression is a
name with a static nominal subtype that has a static predicate, then
no discrete_choice can cover any value that does not satisfy its
predicates.

Check that if the selecting expression of a case expression is a
name with a static nominal subtype that has a static predicate, and
there is no others choice, then every value that satisfies the
predicates of the subtype must be covered by some discrete_choice.

Check that a case expression choice is illegal if it is a subtype
with a dynamic predicate.

B457002

Check that 'others' in case expressions must be last and that it must
be the only choice.

B457003

Check that the else part of an if expression cannot be omitted if the
type of the expression is not a boolean type.

B457004

Check that a case expression is illegal if any of the choices are
non-static.

Check that a case expression is illegal if any of the possible values
of the selecting expression are not covered by a choice.

Check that a case expression is illegal if more than one choice
covers the same value.

B457005

Check that if the expected type of a conditional expression is a
specific tagged type, then if some (but not all) of the dependent
expressions are dynamically tagged, the expression is illegal.

B457006

Check that an if expression has to be surrounded in parentheses if it is
not already surrounded by them.

B457007

Check that if the type of a conditional expression is not determined by
the resolution rules, it is illegal.

B458001

Check that a quantified expression has to be surrounded in parentheses
if it is not already surrounded by them.

B460001

Check that if the target type of a type conversion is a general access
type, the accessibility level of the operand type must not be
statically deeper than that of the target type.  Check for cases where
the operand is: (a) a stand-alone access object. (b) a formal
parameter. (c) an access discriminant.

B460002

Check that if the target type of a type conversion is a general access
type, the accessibility level of the operand type must not be
statically deeper than that of the target type. Check for cases where
the type conversion occurs in the visible or private part of an
instance.

B460004

Check that if the target type of a type conversion is tagged, the
operand type must be covered by or descended from the target type, or
the operand type must be a class-wide type that covers the target
type.  Check that if the target designated type of a general access
type conversion is tagged, the operand designated type must be
convertible  to the target designated type.

B460005

Check that in a view conversion of arrays, if the target type has
aliased components, the operand type must also have aliased components.
See 4.6(24.8/2).

Check that in a view conversion of arrays, the operand type cannot have
a tagged or private subcomponent. See 4.6(24.9/2)

B460006

Check that a type conversion where one type is tagged and the other
is not tagged is not treated as a view conversion.
(Defect Report 8652/0017, as reflected in Technical Corrigendum 1,
RM95 4.6(5/1)).

B470001

Check that a qualified expression is a constant view of the expression,
even if the expression is a variable object.

B480001

Check that if the subtype indication of an uninitialized allocator
specifies an access type, no explicit constraint is permitted.

B480002

If the designated type of an initialized allocator is class-wide,
check that the accessibility level of the type of the qualified
expression cannot be statically deeper than the level of the type
of the allocator.

B480003

If the designated type of an uninitialized allocator is class-wide,
check that the accessibility level of the type of the subtype indication
cannot be statically deeper than the level of the type of the allocator.

B480004

Check that an allocator for an access type with Storage_Size statically
set to zero is illegal.

B490001

Check that the following are static expressions:  (a) A numeric literal
whose expected type is not a static subtype. (b) A string literal of a
static string subtype. (c) X'First, X'Last, or X'Length, where X
statically denotes a statically constrained array object or array
subtype. (d) A type conversion whose subtype mark denotes a static
scalar subtype, and whose operand is a static expression. (e) A
membership test whose simple expression is a static expression, and
whose range is a static range or whose subtype mark denotes a static
subtype. (f) A short-circuit control form both of whose relations are
static expressions.  Check that the Range attribute of a statically
constrained array subtype or object gives a static range.  Check that a
predefined concatenation operator whose result type is a string type is
a static function.  Check that a static expression is illegal if its
evaluation fails a language-defined check other than Overflow_Check,
even if it is part of a larger static expression.  Check that

B490002

Check that a static string expression that is the result of a
catenation is illegal if it has length greater than that permitted by
the expected type.  Check that it is illegal to assign a null string
literal to an object whose lower bound is equal to the lower bound of
the base range of the index type.

B490003

Check that statically unevaluated static expressions do not make a
static expression illegal.

B490004

Check that a static expression is illegal if it fails the check of a
static predicate, even if the assertion policy is Ignore.

B540001

Check that if the selecting expression of a case statement is a
name with a static nominal subtype that has a static predicate, then
no discrete_choice can cover any value that does not satisfy its
predicates.

Check that if the selecting expression of a case statement is a
name with a static nominal subtype that has a static predicate, and
there is no others choice, then every value that satisfies the
predicates of the subtype must be covered by some discrete_choice.

Check that a case statement choice is illegal if it is a subtype
with a dynamic predicate.

B540002

Check that case statement coverage rules are enforced for case statements
of a modular type.

B551001

Check Legality Rules for the Default_Iterator aspect:

(A) Check that a Default_Iterator aspect cannot be specified on an
    untagged type nor on a type that does not have one of the indexing
    aspects.

(B) Check that name of a Default_Iterator aspect cannot denote an entity
    other than a function declared in the same declaration list as the
    type declaration.

(C) Check that the name specified by a Default_Iterator aspect cannot
    denote a function with zero parameters.

(D) Check that the name specified by a Default_Iterator aspect cannot
    denote a function whose first parameter has a type other than T or
    T'Class or an access-to-constant designating T or T'Class.

(E) Check that the name specified by a Default_Iterator aspect cannot
    denote a function whose other parameters are not defaulted.

(F) Check that the name specified by a Default_Iterator aspect cannot
    denote a function whose result type is other than an iterator type.

(G) Check that the name specified by a Default_Iterator aspect cannot
    denote multiple functions that meet the requirements.

B551002

Check that a Iterator_Element aspect cannot be specified on an
untagged type nor on a type that does not have one of the indexing
aspects.

Check that name of a Iterator_Element aspect cannot denote an entity
other than a subtype.

B552001

Check that the subtype indication of an array component iterator
must statically match the array component subtype.

Check that the iterable_name of an array component iterator cannot
denote a subcomponent that depends on the discriminants of an object
whose nominal subtype is unconstrained, unless the object is known
to be constrained.

B552A01

Check that "reverse" cannot be used in a generalized iterator if the type
of the iterator_name is not a reversible iterator type.

Check that "reverse" cannot be used in a container element iterator if
the default iterator type of the type of the iterable_name is not a
reversible iterator type.

B552A02

Check that the iterator_name of a generalized iterator cannot be of a
non-iterator type.

Check that the iterable_name of an iterator cannot be of a type that
is neither an array nor an iterable container type.

Check that the iterable_name of an iterator cannot denote a type.

B552A03

Check that the loop parameter of a generalized iterator cannot be
assigned.

Check that the loop parameter of an array component iterator cannot be
assigned if the array object is a constant view.

Check that the loop parameter of a container element iterator cannot be
assigned if the container object is a constant view.

Check that the loop parameter of a container element iterator cannot be
assigned if the container type does not have Variable_Indexing.

B552A04

Check Legality Rules for container element iterators:

(A) Check that a container element iterator is illegal if there is a
    subtype_indication, and it does not statically match the default
    element subtype of the type of the iterable_name.

(B) Check that a container element iterator is illegal if the
    iterable_name is a constant of type T, and Constant_Indexing is not
    specified for T.

(C) Check that the iterable_name of a container element iterator does
    not denote a subcomponent that depends on discriminants of an
    object whose nominal subtype is unconstrained and which is not
    known to be constrained.

(D) Check that a container element iterator loop is illegal if the call
    to the default element iterator is illegal.

(E) Check that a container element iterator loop is illegal if the
    default cursor subtype is limited at the point of the loop.

B552A05

Check that the iterator_name of a generalized iterator does not
denote a subcomponent that depends on discriminants of an object
whose nominal subtype is unconstrained and which is not known to be
constrained.

Check that a generalized iterator loop is illegal if the
cursor subtype is limited at the point of the loop.

B610001

Check that access parameters may have default expressions. Check that
the expected type of the actual access parameter is the nominal subtype
of the formal anonymous access parameter.

B610002

Check that an access parameter cannot have a mode specified.

B611001

Check that Pre and Post cannot be specified for an instance that is
a subprogram.

Check that Pre and Post cannot be specified for packages, objects, types,
single tasks, or single protected objects.

B611002

Check that Pre and Post cannot be specified on a subprogram body that is
acting as a completion.

B611003

Check that Pre'Class or Post'Class cannot be specified for a generic
subprogram.

Check that Pre'Class or Post'Class cannot be specified for a subprogram
that is not a primitive subprogram of some tagged type.

Check that Pre'Class or Post'Class cannot be specified for packages,
objects, or types.

B611004

Check that Pre'Class and Post'Class cannot be specified on a subprogram
body that is acting as a completion.

B611005

Check that Pre or Post cannot be specified on an abstract subprogram.

Check that Pre or Post cannot be specified on a null procedure.

B611006

Check that, for a primitive operation of a type T, that a class-wide
precondition or postcondition expression cannot make calls to
nonprimitive operations of type T or functions of T'Class.

Check that, for a primitive operation of a type T, that a class-wide
precondition or postcondition expression cannot use a global object
of type T or T'Class as a parameter to a primitive operation of type T.

B611007

Check that Pre'Class and Post'Class cannot be specified for an entry of
an untagged task or protected type.

Check that Pre'Class and Post'Class cannot be specified for a protected
subprogram of an untagged protected type.

B611008

Check F'Result rules:
   (1) The prefix of a Result attribute cannot be a procedure or entry.
   (2) The prefix of a Result attribute cannot be an object.
   (3) The prefix of a Result attribute cannot be a type, package, task,
       or protected type.
   (4) F'Result is not allowed in the postcondition expression for
       some other function.
   (5) F'Result is not allowed in a precondition expression for F.

B611009

Check that F'Result is not allowed in the body of F, including in a
pragma Assert.

Check that F'Result is not allowed in the postcondition expression for
a nested function.

B611010

Check that the Old attribute cannot be used inside a subprogram or
entry body, or within an accept statement.

B611011

Check that the Old attribute cannot be used inside a
precondition expression.

Check that the Old attribute cannot be used inside of the specification
of a generic unit, other than in postconditions.

B611012

Check that the prefix of an Old attribute cannot contain a Result
attribute.

Check that the prefix of an Old attribute cannot contain another Old
attribute.

Check that the prefix of an Old attribute cannot contain the loop
parameter of an enclosing quantified expression.

B611013

For a discrete X, check that the nominal subtype of X'Old is that of X.

B611014

Check that an Old attribute reference is illegal if the prefix does not
statically denote an object, and the use of Old appears in:
   (A) any part of an if expression other than the first condition;
   (B) the dependent expression of a case expression;
   (C) the predicate of a quantified expression;
   (D) the right operand of a short circuit control form;
   (E) a membership choice other than the first in a membership
       operation.

B611015

Check that the prefix of an Old attribute cannot have a limited type.

B611016

Check that Pre'Class and Post'Class cannot be specified for an entry of
a tagged task or protected type.

Check that Pre'Class and Post'Class cannot be specified for a protected
subprogram of a tagged protected type.

Check that Pre'Class and Post'Class cannot be specified for a subprogram
that is not a primitive subprogram of some tagged type. (Tagged task type
and tagged protected type cases.)

Check that Pre'Class and Post'Class cannot be specified for task
types, protected types, single tasks, and single protected objects.

B611017

Check that Pre'Class cannot be specified for an overriding of a
subprogram that does not specify Pre'Class.

Check that an instance is illegal if the instance contains a subprogram
that specifies Pre'Class and overrides a primitive operation of a formal
type that does not specify Pre'Class.

B611018

Check that for an abstract type T that inherits homographs of a
subprogram S from two different ancestors with non-conforming
preconditions, the inherited S cannot be called by a statically
bound call.

Check that for a nonabstract type T that inherits homographs of a
subprogram S from two different ancestors with non-conforming
preconditions, the inherited S is illegal if it is not overridden.

B611019

Check that a renaming S1 that overrides an inherited routine S2 is
illegal if any of the class-wide preconditions do not fully conform.

Check that an instance is illegal if the instance contains a renaming
that overrides a primitive operation of a formal type where all of the
class-wide preconditions do not fully conform.

B631001

Check that a prefixed view is intrinsic.

B640001

Check that an abstract nondispatching operation is not considered for
name resolution.

B641001

Check that the actual parameter corresponding to a formal parameter of
mode in out or out must denote a variable; in particular, that it may
not be a dereference of an access-to-constant value. Check for the
cases where the value is of a generic formal access-to-constant type,
or of a non-formal access-to-constant type declared within a formal
package.

B641002

Check the actual parameter corresponding to an explicitly aliased
parameter cannot violate any of the applicable legality rules.

B641003

Check that, for an out parameter of a scalar type with a specified
Default_Value, it is illegal to pass a type conversion of an object
unless the type of the object is related and has a specified
Default_Value.

B650001

Check that the return_subtype_indication of an extended return
statement cannot:
   (A) to be covered by the result subtype of the function
       it appears in if that result subtype is given by a subtype_mark;
   (B) be a subtype_indication if the result subtype of the function
       is given by an access_definition, and vice-versa;
   (C) fail to statically match the result subtype of the function
       that it appears in if that subtype is elementary;
   (D) fail to be static compatible with the result subtype;
   (E) be indefinite unless an expression is given in the return
       statement.

B650002

Check that an extended return statement cannot be used to return
from a procedure body, entry body, or accept statement.

Check that an extended return statement cannot be used to return
from an outer extended return statement.

Check that a simple return statement that applies to a procedure body,
entry body, accept statement, or extended return statement cannot have
an expression.

Check that a simple return statement that applies to a function body
must have an expression.

B650003

If the result subtype of a function is class-wide, check that the
accessibility level of the type of the return expression cannot be
statically deeper than the master that elaborated the function.

B650004

Check that a return statement is illegal if it is not within a
callable construct.

Check that a return statement is illegal if it is within a body
that is within the construct to which it applies.

B650005

If the result subtype of a function is class-wide, check that the
accessibility level of the type of the return_subtype_indication of
an extended return statement cannot be statically deeper than the
master that elaborated the function.

B650006

Check that an extended return statement containing keyword constant
cannot omit an expression.

B650007

Check that an extended return statement containing the reserved word aliased
is only allowed if the type of the return object is immutably limited.

B651001

Check that a return statement cannot be used in a nonreturning
procedure. Check that a renames-as-body that completes a
nonreturning procedure declaration renames a nonreturning procedure.
Case 1: pragma No_Return.

B651002

Check that a return statement cannot be used in a nonreturning
procedure. Check that a renames-as-body that completes a
nonreturning procedure declaration renames a nonreturning procedure.
Case 2: aspect No_Return.

B651003

Check that the aspect No_Return can only be specified for a procedure
or generic procedure. Check that the expression for aspect No_Return
cannot be nonstatic. Check that the aspect No_Return cannot be specified
for a null procedure nor a procedure instance.

B651004

Check that a dispatching nonreturning procedure can only be overridden
with a nonreturning procedure.

B660001

Check that the "=" operator may be overloaded for non-limited private
types. Check that explicit overloadings of "/=" may not have a Boolean
result.  Check that the result of an explicitly declared "=" operator
may be other than Boolean.  Check that an equality operator may rename
a function other than an equality operator.

B660002

Check that the "=" operator may be overloaded for non-limited types.
Check that explicit overloadings of "/=" may not have a Boolean result.
Check that the result of an explicitly declared "=" operator may be
other than Boolean.  Check that an equality operator may rename a
function other than an equality operator.  Check that a declaration of
"=" whose result type is not Boolean does not implicitly declare a "/="
operation that gives the complementary result.

B660003

Check that the modes of the parameters of an operator cannot have a
mode other than IN.

B670001

Check that a completion is not allowed for a null_procedure_declaration.

B680001

Check legality of an expression function:
  (A) An expression function cannot complete a procedure declaration,
      package declaration, or any kind of body;
  (B) Check that an expression function that completes a declaration
      must fully conform to that declaration;
  (C) Check that a completion is not allowed for an expression function;
  (D) Check that the type of the expression of an expression function
      must be the same as the result type of the function.

B720001

Check that if a library package declaration or library  generic package
declaration does not require a body, that  a body is not allowed.
Check that pragma Elaborate_Body  can be used to require a body even if
not otherwise required.

B730001

Check that: Full type of a tagged private type must be a tagged type.
This means  that the full type must either be declared using a tagged
record  definition, or else derived from some other tagged type, in
which  case it must include a record_extension_part. Full type of a
nonlimited tagged private type must be a nonlimited  tagged type.  Full
type of a limited tagged private type must be a limited tagged  type.
A tagged record type must be a limited type if one of its record
components is limited. A record extension must be extended from a
limited parent type if one  of its record components is limited.

B730002

Check that a private extension is limited if its ancestor type is
limited. Check that if a partial view is nonlimited, the full view must
be nonlimited. Check that if a partial view of a tagged type is
limited, the full view must be limited, but that if a partial view of
an untagged type is limited, the full view may be either limited or
nonlimited. Check that the full view of a private extension must be
derived, either directly or indirectly, from the ancestor type.  Check
that the ancestor type of a private extension must be a specific type.

B730003

Check that if the partial view of a private type is tagged, the full
view must be tagged. Check that if the partial view of a private type
is untagged, the full view may be tagged or untagged, but that if the
partial view is untagged and the full view is tagged, no derivatives of
the partial view are allowed within the immediate scope of the partial
view.  Check that derivatives of the full view are allowed.

B730004

Check that if a public child is "with"ed by a client, the client  does
not have visibility into the private part of the child's parent.  Check
that the full view of a private type defined in a parent and extended
in a child is not visible outside the child.

B730005

Check that the ancestor type of a private extension may not be a
class-wide type.  Check for the basic case.  Check for the generic
case, where the ancestor type is the class-wide type of a formal tagged
private type or formal private extension.  Check for the instance case,
where the ancestor type is a formal (tagged or untagged) private type
or formal private extension, and the corresponding actual type is a
class-wide type. Verify this rule in the visible and private part of an
instance. In the private part, check specifically for the case where
the parents of the partial and full views are different.

B730006

Check that the visible components of a type extension are only those
inherited from the parent type, even if additional components of an
ancestor type are visible.

B730007

Check that if the ancestor subtype of a private extension has constrained
discriminants, then the parent subtype of the full view imposes a
statically matching constraint on those discriminants.

B730008

Check that a tagged partial view and its completion must have the same set of
interfaces.

B730009

Check that a tagged partial view can be synchronized if and only if
the completion is a synchronized type.

B730010

Check that if the full_type_declaration for a private extension
includes a derived_type_definition, then the reserved word limited
shall appear in the full_type_declaration if it also appears in the
private_extension_declaration.

B730011

Check that a private type or private extension cannot appear in
the private part of a package specification, in a package body,
a subprogram, a block, or a task body.

Check that the full definition of a private type or private
extension cannot appear in the visible part, and cannot be
omitted from the package specification (even if it is provided
in the package body).

Check that the full declaration of a private type or private extension
cannot appear in the private part of a nested or enclosing package
specification.

B730012

Check that a private type or private extension cannot appear in
the private part of a generic package specification, in a generic
package body, or a generic subprogram.

Check that the full definition of a private type or private
extension cannot appear in the visible part of a generic package, and
cannot be omitted from the package specification (even if it is provided
in the package body).

Check that the full declaration of a private type or private extension
cannot appear in the private part of a nested or enclosing generic
package specification.

B730013

Check that no basic operations that depend on the full declaration
of the type are available for private and limited private types
completed by fixed and floating point types.

B731001

Check the requirements of 7.3.1 for inheritance of characteristics and
primitive operations, including characteristics and operations that
become available later in the declarative part.
The test cases here are inspired by the AARM examples given
in AARM-7.3.1(7.a-7.v).

B731A01

Check that the inherited primitive subprograms of a derived type
definition are implicitly declared at the earliest place within the
immediate scope of the type declaration (but after the type
declaration) where the corresponding declaration from the parent is
visible. Check that, within its scope, the full view determines which
components are visible.  Check for the cases where the parent is a
partial view (tagged private type) declared in a package, and the
derived type is declared in:  the visible part of a public child unit a
package nested within the visible part of a public child unit

B731A02

Check that the inherited primitive subprograms of a derived type are
implicitly declared at the earliest place within the immediate scope of
the type declaration (but after the type declaration) where the
corresponding declaration from the parent is visible.  Check that,
within its scope, the full view determines which components are
visible.  Check for the cases where the parent is a partial view
(tagged private type) declared in a package, and the derived type is
declared in:  the visible part of a private child unit a package nested
within the visible part of a private child unit a non-child package,
and is further derived from in a child unit a package nested within the
visible part of a public child unit

B732001

Check that the expression for an aspect Type_Invariant cannot have
a non-boolean type.

Check that aspect Type_Invariant cannot be specified on an
abstract type.

Check that the expression for an aspect Type_Invariant can be of
any boolean type.

B732C01

Check that aspect Type_Invariant can only be specified on a
private type declaration, a private extension declaration, or a
full type that completes one of the others.

B732C02

Check that aspect Type_Invariant'Class can only be specified on a
private type declaration, a private extension declaration, or an
interface type.

Check that aspect Type_Invariant'Class cannot be specified on an
an untagged type.

B740001

Check that a deferred constant may be declared of any type and that, if
it is completed by a full constant declaration, its completion must
occur immediately within the private part of the same package. Check
that the deferred and full constants must have the same type.

B740002

Check that the full constant declaration completing a deferred constant
declaration is illegal if it has an anonymous access type that does not
statically match that of the deferred constant declaration.

Check that the full constant declaration must exclude null if the
deferred constant declaration excludes null.

B740003

Check that the full constant declaration that completes a deferred
constant declaration can only occur in the private part of the same
package.

Check that a deferred constant declaration completed with a full
constant declaration can only be given in the visible part of a
package specification.

B750A01

In the initialization expression of an object declaration, an expression
of a limited type cannot be anything other than an aggregate, function
call, or a qualified or parenthesized expression whose operand would
be allowed.

B750A02

In the default expression of a component declaration, an expression
of a limited type cannot be anything other than an aggregate, function
call, or a qualified or parenthesized expression whose operand would
be allowed.

B750A03

In the expression of a record component association, an expression
of a limited type cannot be anything other than an aggregate, function
call, or a qualified or parenthesized expression whose operand would
be allowed.

B750A04

In the qualified expression of an initialized allocator, an expression
of a limited type cannot be anything other than an aggregate, function
call, or a qualified or parenthesized expression whose operand would
be allowed.

B750A05

In the initialization expression of an extended return statement,
an expression of a limited type cannot be anything other than an
aggregate, function call, or a qualified or parenthesized expression
whose operand would be allowed.

B750A06

In the expression of a simple return statement,
an expression of a limited type cannot be anything other than an
aggregate, function call, or a qualified or parenthesized expression
whose operand would be allowed.

B750A07

In the return expression of an expression function,
an expression of a limited type cannot be anything other than an
aggregate, function call, or a qualified or parenthesized expression
whose operand would be allowed.

B750A08

In the initialization expression of an object declaration, an expression
of a limited type cannot be a conditional expression which has a
dependent expression that is anything other than an aggregate, function
call, a qualified or parenthesized expression whose operand would
be allowed, or a conditional expression all of whose dependent
expressions would be allowed.

B750A09

In the default expression of a component declaration, an expression
of a limited type cannot be a conditional expression which has a
dependent expression that is anything other than an aggregate, function
call, a qualified or parenthesized expression whose operand would
be allowed, or a conditional expression all of whose dependent
expressions would be allowed.

B750A10

In the qualified expression of an allocator, an expression of a
limited type cannot be a conditional expression which has a
dependent expression that is anything other than an aggregate, function
call, a qualified or parenthesized expression whose operand would
be allowed, or a conditional expression all of whose dependent
expressions would be allowed.

B750A11

In the initialization expression of an extended return statement,
an expression of a limited type cannot be a conditional expression
which has a dependent expression that is anything other than an
aggregate, function call, a qualified or parenthesized expression whose
operand would be allowed, or a conditional expression all of whose
dependent expressions would be allowed.

B750A12

In the expression of a simple return statement,
an expression of a limited type cannot be a conditional expression
which has a dependent expression that is anything other than an
aggregate, function call, a qualified or parenthesized expression whose
operand would be allowed, or a conditional expression all of whose
dependent expressions would be allowed.

B750A13

In the return expression of an expression function,
an expression of a limited type cannot be a conditional expression
which has a dependent expression that is anything other than an
aggregate, function call, a qualified or parenthesized expression whose
operand would be allowed, or a conditional expression all of whose
dependent expressions would be allowed.

B810001

Check that a choice_parameter_specification in an exception handler
hides outer declarations with the same name.  Check that two choice
parameters within exception handlers of the same
handled_sequence_of_statements can have the same name. Check that a
choice_parameter_specification in an exception handler is not visible
outside the handler.

B830001

Check that two homographs are not allowed to be declared explicitly
immediately within the same declarative region. Check for cases of
child package names. Check for cases of dispatching operations declared
in the visible part of an instance.

B830002

Check the requirements of the modified 8.3(26) from Technical
Corrigendum 1 (originally discussed as AI95-00150).
For a type extension declared in a child package, where the parent
type is declared in an ancestor package, it is illegal for the two
types to have duplicate component names.

B830003

Check that homographs are forbidden in any of these combinations
of parts of a generic package: Visible-Visible; Visible-Private;
Private-Private.

B830004

Check that homographs are forbidden in any of these combinations
of parts of a generic package: Visible-Body; Private-Body; Body-Body.

B830005

Check that homographs are forbidden in any of these combinations
of parts of a generic package with the body in a subunit: 
Visible-Body; Private-Body; Body-Body.

B830006

Check that homographs of expression functions are forbidden in any of 
these combinations of parts of a generic package: Visible-Visible; 
Visible-Private; Private-Private; Visible-Body; Private-Body;
Body-Body.

B831001

Check that an operation that has an overriding indicator is a
primitive operation for some type.

Check that an overriding indicator can be given on an abstract
subprogram declaration, a null procedure declaration, and an ordinary
(non-protected) subprogram declaration.

Check that an overriding indicator can be given on a subprogram body,
subprogram body stub, and a subprogram renaming declaration.

Check that an overriding indicator can be given on a generic
instantiation of a subprogram.

B831002

Check that an operation with an indicator of "overriding" is illegal
if it does not override a homograph at the place of the indicator.

Check that an operation with an indicator of "not overriding" is illegal
if it does override a homograph at the place of the indicator.

B831003

Check that an operation with an indicator of "overriding" is illegal if
it does not override a homograph at the place of the declaration or body
even though the operation is overridden later.

Check that an operation with an indicator of "not overriding" is illegal
if it overrides a homograph even if the operation is overriden later.

B831004

Check that an operation with the indicator of overriding is illegal
if it is primitive for a type derived from a generic formal type and
the operation does not inherit a homograph. (Part A: package
specifications)

Check that an operation with the indicator of not overriding is illegal
if it is primitive for a type derived from a generic formal type and
the operation inherits a homograph in either the generic or the instance.
(Part A: package specifications)

B831005

Check that an operation with the indicator of overriding is illegal
if it is primitive for a type derived from a generic formal type and
the operation does not inherit a homograph. (Part B: package
bodies)

Check that an operation with the indicator of not overriding is illegal
if it is primitive for a type derived from a generic formal type and
the operation inherits a homograph in either the generic or the instance.
(Part B: package bodies)

B831006

Check that a subprogram with an overriding indicator is illegal in a
protected body.

B840001

Check that the name in a use type clause must denote a subtype. Check
that only the primitive operators of the type determined by the subtype
mark in a use type clause are use-visible (in particular, that the
primitive operators of no other type declared in the same package are
use-visible). Check that the scope of a use type clause in the private
part of a library unit does not include the visible part of any public
descendant of that library unit.

B840002

Check that the name in a use package clause cannot denote the limited view of a
package.

Check that the name in a use package clause cannot denote a generic package.

Check that the name in a use package clause cannot denote a type or object.

B851001

Check that the restrictions on renaming components that depend on a
discriminant are enforced in the public and private parts of an instance.
Check that the restrictions on renaming components that depend on a
discriminant are enforced in the body of a generic unit.  Include
the decendant of an untagged generic formal derived type case.  (Defect
Report 8652/0017, Technical Corrigendum 8.5.1(5/1)).

B851002

For an object renaming with an anonymous access-to-object type, check
that the name is illegal if it does not resolve to an anonymous access
type with the appropriate designated type.

For an object renaming with an anonymous access-to-object type, check
that the renaming is illegal if the designated subtypes don't statically
match.

For an object renaming with an anonymous access-to-object type, check
that the renaming is illegal if one of the types is access-to-constant
and the other is access-to-variable.

For an object renaming with an anonymous access-to-object type, check
that the renaming is illegal if there are multiple interpretations,
even if only one is legal.

B851003

For an object renaming with an anonymous access-to-subprogram type,
check that the name is illegal if it does not resolve to an anonymous
access type with the appropriate designated profile.

For an object renaming with an anonymous access-to-subprogram type, check
that the renaming is illegal if the designated profiles are not subtype
conformant.

For an object renaming with an anonymous access-to-subprogram type, check
that the renaming is illegal if there are multiple interpretations,
even if only one is legal.

B851004

For an object renaming with a null_exclusion or an access_definition
with a null_exclusion, check that the renaming is illegal if the
subtype of the renamed object does not exclude null.

For an object renaming with a null_exclusion or an access_definition
with a null_exclusion that renames a formal in out object in a generic package
specification, check that an instance is illegal if the subtype of the
actual object does not exclude null.

For an object renaming with a null_exclusion or an access_definition
with a null_exclusion that renames a formal in out object in a generic package
body, check that the renaming is illegal if the formal object does
not include a null_exclusion.

B851005

Check that an object renaming declaration is illegal if it
renames a discriminant-dependent component or subcomponent
if the enclosing record type has an unconstrained nominal
subtype and the object is not known to be constrained.
Part A: "Normal" cases (no generics or access types).

B851006

Check that an object renaming declaration is illegal if it
renames a discriminant-dependent component or subcomponent
if the enclosing record type has an unconstrained nominal
subtype and the object is not known to be constrained.
Part B: Access types and dereferences.

B851007

Check that an object renaming declaration is illegal if it
renames a discriminant-dependent component or subcomponent
if the enclosing record type has an unconstrained nominal
subtype and the object is not known to be constrained.
Part C: Generic units.

B853001

Check that the name of a renamed limited view of a package cannot be
used outside of the scope of a with clause for the package or the
immediate scope of the renaming.

B854001

Check that a renaming-as-body is illegal if the declaration occurs before
the subprogram it completes is frozen, and the renaming renames the
subprogram itself.  (Defect Report 8652/0027, as reflected in Technical
Corrigendum 1).

B854002

For a subprogram renaming with a parameter or result type that has a
null_exclusion or is an access_definition with a null_exclusion, check that the
renaming is illegal if the subtype of the corresponding parameter or result of
the renamed subprogram does not exclude null.

For a subprogram renaming with a parameter or result type that has a
null_exclusion or is an access_definition with a null_exclusion that appears in
the specification of an outer generic whose renamed subprogram is a generic
formal subprogram of the outer generic, check that an instantiation of the outer
generic is illegal if the corresponding parameter or result of the actual
subprogram does not exclude null.

For a subprogram renaming with a parameter or result type that has a
null_exclusion or is an access_definition with a null_exclusion that appears in
the body of an outer generic whose renamed subprogram is a generic formal
subprogram of the outer generic, check that the renaming is illegal if the
corresponding parameter or result of the formal subprogram does not include a
null_exclusion.

B854003

Check that a renames-as-body is illegal if:
  A) it does not fully conform to the declaration that it completes;
  B) the renamed entity is not subtype conformant with the declaration
     that it completes if that declaration is frozen;
  C) the renamed entity has convention Intrinsic;
  D) the renamed entity is abstract;

B854004

Check that a renames is illegal if the renamed entity requires
overriding.

B854005

Check that if a renaming is of a prefixed view, the renaming is illegal
if renaming the prefix of that view as an object is illegal.

B860001

Check that the selecting_expression of a case expression cannot be
resolved if information from the choices is required to resolve it.

Check that the selecting_expression of a case statement cannot be
resolved if information from the choices is required to resolve it.

B860002

Check that access type implicit conversion works as expected.

B940001

Check that a protected_element_declaration within the private part of a
protected type must be a component_declaration (if it is not a
protected_operation_declaration). Specifically: an anonymous array is
not allowed.

B940002

Check that a protected_element_declaration within the private part of a
protected type must be a component_declaration (if it is not a
protected_operation_declaration). Specifically: a constant component is
not allowed a type declaration is not allowed.

B940003

Check that protected declarations (in a normal procedure) require
completion by a protected body and vice versa.

B940004

Check that protected declarations (in a package) require completion by
a protected body and vice versa.

B940005

Check the visibility of local subprograms and the private parts of
protected objects.

B940006

Check that component declarations are only allowed in the private part
of protected objects.

B940007

Check that component declarations are not allowed in the body of
protected objects.

B940008

Check that a protected subprogram with an overriding indicator of
"overriding" implements an inherited subprogram.

Check that a protected subprogram with an overriding indicator of
"not overriding" does not implement an inherited subprogram.

B940009

Check that a protected procedure or entry is illegal if it implements
an inherited procedure with a first parameter of mode in other than
an access-to-variable parameter.

Check that a protected function is illegal if it implements
an inherited function with a first parameter that is not mode in or
is an access-to-variable parameter.

B940010

Check that a protected operation is illegal if it implements an inherited
subprogram and the subprogram is also overridden by a primitive
subprogram.

Check that a primitive subprogram of a tagged protected type is illegal
if it is type conformant with the prefixed view profile of a protected
operation of the type.

B940011

Check that if an inherited subprogram is implemented by a protected
operation, the prefixed view profile of the inherited subprogram must be
subtype conformant with the protected operation.

Check that if a primitive subprogram overrides an inherited subprogrm
of a protected opration, the primitive and inherited subprogram must be
subtype conformant.

Check that if an inherited subprogram for a protected type is neither
inherited nor overridden, it must be a null subprogram.

B950001

Check that the target protected object of a call, rename, actual for
a formal subprogram, or prefix of 'Access of a protected entry or
procedure is a variable.

B950002

Check that primitive procedures of synchronized interfaces with
a Synchronization aspect cannot be completed with the wrong kind
of callable entity, nor can they have completions with a conflicting
Synchronization aspect.

B951001

Check that the body of a protected function cannot have an internal
call to a protected procedure.

B951002

Check that the current instance of a protected type (and components
of that protected type) are constants within the body of a
protected function or the body of a function declared immediately
within a protected body.

B952001

Check that the name that denotes the formal parameter of an  entry body
is not allowed within the entry barrier

B952002

Check that the body of a protected entry must have an entry barrier.
Check that if an entry identifier appears at the end of an entry body
it  repeats the defining identifier of the entry or the entry family

B952003

Check that, in the body of a protected entry, the
entry_index_specification must be enclosed in parentheses.

B952004

Check that an entry_declaration in a task declaration cannot  contain a
specification for an access parameter. Check that an accept_statement
is not allowed within an  asynchronous_select inner to the enclosing
task_body.

B952005

Check that an entry with an overriding indicator of
"overriding" implements an inherited subprogram.

Check that an entry with an overriding indicator of
"not overriding" does not implement an inherited subprogram.

B954001

Check for error if requeue is not type conformant with the call or if
requeue has parameters. Check requeues with/without abort.

B954003

Check that the accessibility level of the target task object of  a
requeue_statement is not equal to or statically deeper than any
enclosing accept_statement of the task unit. Check that for a requeue
statement of an entry_body the target  object is either a formal
parameter of the entry_body or the  accessibility level of the target
object is not statically  deeper that that of the entry_declaration.

B954004

Check that a requeue_statement is only allowed directly within an
entry_body or accept_statement.

B954005

Check that the target protected object of a requeue is a variable.

B960001

Check that an argument to the delay_until_statement must have type
Calendar.Time.  In particular check that the delay_expressions of
Duration, Float and Integer are flagged as errors

BA11001

Check that in the visible part of a public child, the private
declarations of the parent package are not visible.

BA11002

Check that the private declarations of the parent are not visible for a
formal parameter list or result type of a public child.

BA11003

Check that a child library unit may not have anything other than a
library package or generic library package as its parent unit. Check
that nested units cannot have child units. Check that child of a
generic package may not be anything other than a generic unit or a
renaming of some other child of the same generic unit. Check that a
child of an instance of a generic package must be an instance or a
renaming of a library unit.

BA11004

Check that a child library subprogram is not primitive subprogram (i.e,
is not inherited by types derived from a type declared in the parent).

BA11005

Check that a parent body cannot declare a homograph of the child when a
child unit is included in the context clause of the parent body.

BA11007

Check that a child library subprogram may not override a user-defined
primitive subprogram.

BA11008

Check that an instance of a child of a generic package that is not part
of a formal package declaration and that is a child of an instance of
the generic package is not allowed outside the declarative region of
the generic package itself.  Check that an instance of a generic does
not inherit children from the generic.  Check that a child of an
instance of a generic package must be an instance.

BA11009

Check that if the generic being renamed is itself a child of a generic
package P, the renaming must occur in a place that is within the
declarative region of P, which includes the body, the children (and
descendant ...), and the subunits of P.

BA11010

Check that a library unit renaming declaration may not be used to
rename a physically nested package, a physically nested subprogram, or
a subunit.

BA11011

Check that the renamed entity must be a generic unit of the appropriate
kind. Check that in a library_unit_renaming_declaration, the (old) name
must denote a library_item. Check that a generic renaming of a child of
a parent generic package is not allowed outside the declarative region
of the parent generic. Check for subsequent renaming declarations of
public children.

BA11012

Check that in a library_unit_renaming_declaration, the (old) name must
denote a library_item. Check that a generic renaming of a child of a
parent generic package is not allowed outside the declarative region of
the parent generic. Check that a library unit must be a private
descendent of the parent of a private child when the private child has
been renamed and the name denoting the renaming has been used in a with
clause. Check for subsequent renaming declarations of private
children.

BA11013

Check that private child subprograms must have a specification.
Check that package bodies cannot be declared private.
Check that subunits cannot be declared private.

BA11014

Check that entities other than types and nested packages are not
present in the limited view. 10.1.1(12.1-3/2)

Check that nested packages are present in the limited view of a package.
10.1.1(12.2/2).

Check that all types are present in the limited view of a package, and
all types are incomplete, and that tagged types are tagged incomplete.
10.1.1(12.3/2).

BA12001

Check that the with-clause of a public child of some library unit
cannot include a private child of the same ancestor.

BA12002

Check that the with-clause of a public second level descendant of some
library unit cannot include a private descendant of the same ancestor.

BA12003

Check that the with-clause of the public descendant of a private
descendant of a library unit cannot include any private descendants of
its (immediate) parent.

BA12004

Check that a with-clause of a library unit may not include the private
child or any descendant of a private child of some other library unit.

BA12005

Check that the with-clause in the body of a (public or private)
descendant of a library unit cannot include a private child of a
different library unit.

BA12007

Check that the rename of a child unit (i.e. a library unit with an
expanded name) does not make declarations within ancestors of the child
visible.  Check that a parent unit name (in the defining declaration of
a child unit) does not designate a renaming declaration.

BA12008

Check that a child unit may not be "with"ed using only its simple name.
Check that a child unit may not be "with"ed using any abbreviated
version of its full expanded name (e.g., grandparent.child rather than
grandparent.parent.child)

BA12009

Check that a limited_with_clause is not given on:
   * a library unit body;
   * a subunit; or
   * a library unit renaming. (10.1.2(18/2)).
Check that a limited_with_clause is not given in the context clause
for the explicit declaration of the named package. (10.1.2(20/2)).

BA12010

Check that a limited_with_clause is not allowed in the same context
clause as or in the scope of a nonlimited_with_clause for the same
package.  (10.1.2(21/2)).
Check that a limited_with_clause is not allowed in the same context
clause as, or within the scope of, a use_clause that names an entity
declared in the package. (10.1.2(22/2)).

BA12011

Check that a subprogram body acting as a declaration of a public
descendant of a unit L cannot mention a private child of L in a
non-private with_clause. (10.1.2(10/2))

BA12012

Check that the declaration of a public descendant of a unit L cannot
mention a private child of L in a non-private limited with_clause.

Check that a unit that is not a descendant of a unit L cannot mention a
private child of L in a limited with_clause.

BA12013

Check that a unit that is not a descendant of a unit L cannot mention
a private child of L in a private with_clause. (10.1.2(8-11/2))

BA12014

Check that a name visible due to a private with clause is not allowed in
the package visible part or subprogram specification of the unit that has
the with clause. (10.1.2(12-16/2))

Check that a name visible due to a private with clause is not allowed in
a context-clause use_clause. (10.1.2(12-16/2))

Check that a name visible due to a private with clause is not allowed in
the package visible part or subprogram specification of a public
descendant of the unit that has the with clause. (10.1.2(12-16/2))

BA12015

Check that a private with clause does not make entities in the private
part of a package visible.

Check that a name mentioned in a private with clause can be used in a
pragma in the same context clause.

BA12016

Check that a name visible due to a limited private with clause is not
allowed in the package visible part or subprogram specification of the unit
that has the with clause. (10.1.2(12-16/2))

Check that a name visible due to a limited private with clause is not
allowed in the package visible part or subprogram specification of a public
descendant of the unit that has the with clause. (10.1.2(12-16/2))

BA12017

Check that a limited_with_clause is not given in the context clause
for a descendant of the named package. (10.1.2(20/3),
objective added by AI05-0040-1, Ada 2012).

BA12018

Check that a unit mentioned but not named in a private with clause and
not mentioned in other with clauses is not allowed in
the package visible part or subprogram specification of the unit that has
the with clause. (10.1.2(12-16/2))

Check that a unit mentioned but not named in a private with clause and
not mentioned in other with clauses is not allowed in
a context-clause use_clause. (10.1.2(12-16/2))

Check that a unit mentioned but not named in a private with clause and
not mentioned in other with clauses is not allowed in
the package visible part or subprogram specification of a public
descendant of the unit that has the with clause. (10.1.2(12-16/2))

BA13B01

Check that a separate subprogram declared in a private child unit  of a
public parent does not have visibility into the private part  of the
package on which its parent depends or the private part of  its
parent's public sibling.

BA13B02

Check that a separate subprogram declared in a public child unit  of a
private parent does not have visibility into the private part  of the
package on which its parent depends or the private part of  its
parent's public sibling.

BA14001

Check that a compilation unit is illegal if it depends on an earlier
version of itself. Part 1: normal with.

BA14002

Check that a compilation unit is illegal if it depends on an earlier
version of itself. Part 2: private with.

BA15001

Check that configuration pragmas must appear before the first
compilation unit of a compilation.

BA15002

Check the requirements on a program unit pragma imposed by
10.1.5(4) and the modified 10.1.5(5) from Technical
Corrigendum 1. (Originally discussed as AI95-00136.)
Specifically:
If a program unit pragma is given as a compilation_unit, check that it
must have a name and immediately follows the unit.
If a program unit pragma is given inside of a package to apply
to that package, check that it must appear at the beginning of the
package specification, and never in the private part. For a generic
package, it must not appear in the generic formal part.
Also check that the name given in such a program unit pragma must
denote the immediately enclosing program unit.

BA15003

Check that a library unit pragma cannot name a nested unit.

Check that a library unit pragma cannot be given in a nested unit.

BA16001

Check that library subprograms, generic units, and library renames
of them cannot be mentioned in a limited_with_clause. (10.1.6(2/2)).

Check that a package nested in a library package cannot be mentioned
in a limited_with_clause. (10.1.6(2/2)).

Check that a child unit cannot be named in a limited_with_clause by its
simple name or any abbreviated form of its full name. (10.1.6(2/2)).

BA16002

Check that a child unit cannot be named in a private with_clause by its
simple name or any abbreviated form of its full name. (10.1.6(2/2)).

Check that a unit nested in a library package cannot be named
in a nonlimited_with_clause. (10.1.6(2/2)).

BA21002

Check that each of the following constructs is illegal within the body
of a library package to which a pragma Pure applies:

   (a) A statement other than a null statement.
   (b) A primary that is a name of an object, if the name is
       not a static expression and does not statically denote a
       discriminant of an enclosing type.
   (c) A declaration of an object that is initialized by default
       of a type that does not have preelaborable initialization.
   (d) A declaration of a variable, with or without an initialization
       expression, outside of a subprogram, generic subprogram, task
       unit, or protected unit.
   (e) A declaration of a named access-to-object type whose
       Storage_Size is not zero outside of a subprogram, generic
       subprogram, task unit, or protected unit.
   (f) An extension aggregate with an ancestor subtype mark denoting
       a subtype of a private extension.
   (g) A declaration of a (constant) object which causes the
       evaluation of a default expression that will call a
       user-defined function.


Check that each of the following constructs is legal within the body of
a library package to which a pragma Pure applies:

   (h) A call to a static function.
   (i) A primary that is a name of an object, if the name is a static
       expression.
   (j) A declaration of a constant object outside of a subprogram,
       generic subprogram, task unit, or protected unit.
   (k) A declaration of a (constant) object which would cause the
       evaluation of a default expression that will call a
       user-defined function, except that the component with the
       default expression is explicitly initialized.
   (l) A declaration of a variable, with or without an initialization
       expression, inside a subprogram.
   (m) A declaration of a named access type inside a subprogram.
   (n) A declaration of an anonymous access type.
   (o) A declaration of a constant object of a descendant of a private
       type (within the scope of the full view).

BA21003

Check that all compilation units of a preelaborated library unit must
depend semantically only on compilation units of other preelaborated
library units.  Check that all compilation units of a declared-pure
library unit must depend semantically only on compilation units of
other library units which are declared pure.  Check that a
preelaborated unit may have a non-preelaborable child unit, but not a
non-preelaborable subunit.

BA21004

Check the requirements of the modified RM-10.2.1(11) from Technical
Corrigendum 1 (originally discussed as AI95-00002).
This change does not negate the requirement of RM-10.2.1(11),
which requires that all semantic dependents of a preelaborated
library unit also be preelaborated (whether or not they are used
during elaboration).

BA21005

Check that the categorization aspects Pure and Preelaborate cannot
be specified by a value declared in the same package.

Check that the categorization aspects Pure and Preelaborate cannot
be specified by a nonstatic value.

Check that the categorization aspects Pure and Preelaborate are
specified by a value of type Boolean.

BA21A01

Check that an instantiation of a generic library package declaration
to which a pragma Preelaborate applies is illegal if the instantiation
occurs within a library package declaration to which a pragma
Preelaborate also applies, and the generic library package contains
any of the following constructs in its visible or private part (such
that the construct is evaluated upon instantiation):

   (a) A call to a nonstatic function.
   (b) A call to a formal function, if the corresponding actual
       is a nonstatic function.
   (c) A primary that is a name of an object, if the name is not a
       static expression and does not statically denote a discriminant
       of an enclosing type.
   (d) A declaration of a default-initialized object of a type that does
       not have preelaborable initialization.
   (e) An extension aggregate with an ancestor subtype mark denoting
       a subtype that does not have preelaborable initialization.

Check that each of the constructs above is legal within the visible
or private part of a generic library package declaration to which a
pragma Preelaborate applies, as well as within a corresponding
instance to which a pragma Preelaborate does not apply.

BA21A02

Check that the body corresponding to a generic library package
declaration to which a pragma Preelaborate applies is illegal if it
contains any of the following constructs (if the construct would
be elaborated upon instantiation):

   (a) A statement other than a null statement.
   (b) A call to a nonstatic function.
   (c) A call to a formal function.
   (d) A primary that is a name of an object, including within the
       default expression for a default-initialized component, if the
       name is not a static expression and does not statically denote
       a discriminant of an enclosing type.
   (e) A declaration of a default-initialized object of a type
       that does not have preelaborable initialization.
   (f) An extension aggregate with an ancestor subtype mark denoting
       a subtype of a tagged private type.

Check that each of the following constructs is legal within the visible
part, private part, or body of a generic library package to which a
pragma Preelaborate applies, as well as within a corresponding
instance to which a pragma Preelaborate also applies (do not check
(m), (o), or cases of (q) that depend on formals in the body, since
they are illegal there):

   (k) A null statement.
   (l) A call to a static function.
   (m) A call to a formal function, if the corresponding actual is a
       static function.
   (n) A primary that is a name of an object, if the name is a static
       expression or statically denotes a discriminant of an enclosing
       type.
   (o) A primary that is the name of a formal object of a formal
       private type, if the corresponding actual type is not a private
       type, private extension, controlled type, task type, or
       protected type with entry declarations, and the corresponding
       actual object is a static constant.
   (p) A reference to an attribute of an object, in particular 'Access,
       'Unchecked_Access, and 'Address.
   (q) A declaration of a default-initialized object of a type that
       has preelaborable initialization.
   (r) An extension aggregate with an ancestor subtype mark denoting a
       subtype that has preelaborable initialization.
   (s) A declaration of an explicitly-initialized object of a type
       that does not have preelaborable initialization.

BA21A03

Check that each of the following constructs is illegal within a
library package declaration to which a pragma Preelaborate applies:

   (a) A call to a nonstatic function.
   (b) A primary that is a name of an object, including within the
       default expression for a default-initialized component, if the
       name is not a static expression and does not statically denote
       a discriminant of an enclosing type.
   (c) A declaration of an object that is initialized by default of a
       type that does not have preelaborable initialization
       (abbreviated P_I in the comments below):
       (1) a task type;
       (2) a controlled type with a user-defined Initialize;
       (3) a type with a component of a private type that does
           not have pragma Preelaborable_Initialization.
   (d) An extension aggregate with an ancestor subtype mark denoting
       a subtype of a controlled type that does not have preelaborable
       initialization.

Check that each of the following constructs is legal within a library
package declaration to which a pragma Preelaborate applies:

   (e) A call to a static function.
   (f) A reference to an attribute of an object, in particular 'Access
       and 'Address.
   (g) A primary that is a name of an object, if the name statically
       denotes a discriminant of an enclosing type.
   (h) A declaration of a named access type.

BB10001

Check that separate exception handlers for Constraint_Error and
Numeric_Error are not allowed within a handled sequence of
statements.

BB20001

Check that an exception_name of a choice cannot denote an exception
declared in a generic formal package.

BB42001

Check that the arguments of a pragma Assert have to have the correct
types.

BB42002

Check that the arguments of a pragma Assert cannot be reordered even
named notation is used.

BB42003

Check that a pragma Assertion_Policy is illegal if the policy is
not recognized.

BB50001

Check that a checking pragma can only be given in a
package_specification, declarative_part, or configuration pragma.

Check that the identifier in a checking pragma is the name of a check.

BC10001

Check that a task or protected unit cannot be preceded by a generic
formal part.

BC30001

Check that, in the visible part of an instance, legality rules are
enforced at compile time of the generic instantiation, and not enforced
in other parts of the instance. Specifically, check that, for a tagged
actual type passed to a non-tagged formal private type, a tagged type
may not be derived from the actual in the visible part of an instance,
but may be derived in the private part or body. Check that a non-tagged
type derived from a tagged parent type in the private part of an
instance is not treated as tagged outside the instance.

BC40002

Check that, for a generic formal object of mode in: If the formal
object is of tagged type T, the type of the actual must be T. If the
formal object is of type T'Class, the type of the actual must be a type
in that class.  Check that, for a generic formal object of mode in out:
If the formal object is of tagged type T, the type of the actual must
be T. If the formal object is of type T'Class, the type of the actual
must be T'Class.

BC40003

For a generic formal in out object with a null_exclusion or an
access_definition with a null_exclusion, check that an instantiation
is illegal if the subtype of the actual object does not exclude null.

For an instance of a generic in the specification of an outer generic with a
generic formal in out object with a null_exclusion or an access_definition with a
null_exclusion whose actual is a null excluding generic formal in out object of
the outer generic, check that an instantiation of the outer generic is illegal
if the subtype of the actual object does not exclude null.

For an instance of a generic in the body of an outer generic with a generic
formal in out object with a null_exclusion or an access_definition with a
null_exclusion whose actual is a null excluding generic formal in out object of
the outer generic, check that the instance is illegal if the formal object does
not include a null_exclusion.

BC50001

Check that, for a generic formal derived type, the actual must be in
the class rooted at the ancestor subtype. Check for scalar, array, and
access types.

BC50002

Check that, for a generic formal derived type, the actual must be in
the class rooted at the ancestor subtype. Check for record and tagged
types.

BC50003

Check that the actual corresponding to a formal signed integer type may
not be a modular type.  Check that the actual corresponding to a formal
modular type may not be a signed integer type.

BC50004

Check that the actual corresponding to a formal ordinary fixed point
type may not be a decimal fixed point type.  Check that the actual
corresponding to a formal decimal fixed point type may not be a
ordinary fixed point type.

BC51002

Check that if a generic formal derived subtype is definite, the actual
subtype must not be indefinite. Check in cases where the formal subtype
appears in contexts where an indefinite subtype would be legal.

BC51003

Check that, for a generic formal derived type with no discriminant
part, if the ancestor subtype is constrained, the actual subtype must
be constrained and must be statically compatible with the ancestor.
Check for the case where both constraints are static and the actual
subtype is defined by a subtype declaration.

BC51004

Check that, for a generic formal derived type with no discriminant
part, if the ancestor subtype is constrained, the actual subtype must
be constrained and must be statically compatible with the ancestor.
Check for the case where both constraints are static and the actual
subtype is defined by a derived type declaration.

BC51005

Check that, for a generic formal derived type with no discriminant
part, if the ancestor subtype is an unconstrained access or record
subtype, the actual subtype must be unconstrained.

BC51006

Check that, for a generic formal derived type with no discriminant
part, if the ancestor subtype is an unconstrained array or tagged
subtype, the actual subtype must be unconstrained.

BC51007

Check that, for a generic formal derived type with no discriminant
part, if the ancestor subtype is an unconstrained discriminated
subtype, the actual type must have the same number of discriminants,
and each discriminant of the actual must correspond to a discriminant
of the ancestor.

BC51011

Check that, for a formal private type with a known discriminant part,
the subtype of each discriminant of the actual type must statically
match the subtype of the corresponding discriminant of the formal
type.

BC51012

Check that, if the reserved word "abstract" does not appear in the
declaration of a formal derived type, the actual type must not be an
abstract type. Check that, if the ancestor type is abstract, and the
formal derived type is not, neither the ancestor type nor its abstract
descendants may be passed as actuals. Check that, if the formal derived
type is abstract, then the following entities that are of the formal
type are illegal: a component, an object created by an object
declaration or an allocator, a generic formal object of mode in, the
the result type of a non-abstract function.

BC51013

Check that, if the reserved word "abstract" does not appear in the
declaration of a formal private type, the actual type must not be an
abstract type. Check that, if the formal private type is abstract, then
the following entities that are of the formal type are illegal: a
component, an object created by an object declaration or an allocator,
a generic formal object of mode in, the result type of a non-abstract
function.

BC51015

Check that if the actual type corresponding to a non-tagged formal
private type is tagged, an instance is illegal if a (non-tagged)
derived type is declared in the visible part. Check that an instance is
legal if the derived type is declared in the private part or in the
body.

BC51016

Check that, if the reserved word "abstract" appears in the declaration
of a formal private type, the reserved word "tagged" must also appear.
Check that, if the reserved word "abstract" appears in the declaration
of a formal derived type, the reserved words "with private" must also
appear. Check that a tagged type derived from a non-tagged generic
formal private or derived type is illegal.

BC51017

Check that alternative orderings of reserved words in a formal private
type declaration are illegal.

BC51018

Check that alternative orderings of reserved words in a formal (tagged)
derived type declaration are illegal.

BC51019

Check that a generic formal derived tagged type is a private extension.
Specifically, check that, for a generic formal derived type whose
ancestor type has a primitive subprogram which is a function with a
controlling result, the function must be overridden for non-abstract
record extensions of the formal derived type. Check that the function
need not be overridden for abstract record extensions, nor for private
extensions, although for non-abstract private extensions it must be
overridden for the corresponding full type.

BC51020

Check that, for an abstract generic formal derived type whose ancestor
type has an abstract primitive subprogram, non-abstract record and
private extensions of the formal derived type must override the
subprogram. Check that abstract record and private extensions need not
override the subprogram.  Check that, for a non-abstract generic formal
derived type whose ancestor type has an abstract primitive subprogram,
record and private extensions of the formal derived type need not
override the subprogram.

BC51021

Check that the actual types associated with a formal incomplete type
can be of any category, including incomplete and private types prior
to their completion. Check that, if the word tagged appears in an
formal incomplete type declaration, the actual type must be tagged.

BC51022

Check that the following entities that are of a formal incomplete
type are illegal: a component, an object created by an object
declaration or an allocator, generic formal objects, the result of
a function call, the result type of a function body, and for formal
untagged incomplete types (only), parameters of subprogram bodies
and actual parameters in calls.

BC51B01

Check that if a generic formal private subtype is definite, the actual
subtype must not be indefinite, even if the formal subtype appears only
in contexts where an indefinite subtype would be legal.

BC51B02

Check that the ancestor of a formal derived type may not be class-
wide. Check that a formal derived type may not have a known
discriminant part. Check that if a generic formal private or derived
subtype is indefinite, it must not appear in a context which requires a
definite subtype.

BC51C01

Check that the actual type passed to an abstract generic formal derived
type may be either abstract or non-abstract, as may record and private
extensions of the formal type. Check that, for a non-abstract type
derived from an abstract formal derived type, all abstract primitive
subprograms inherited from the actual type must be overridden in the
instance.

BC51C02

Check that the actual type passed to an abstract generic formal private
type may be either abstract or non-abstract, as may record and private
extensions of the formal type. Check that, for a non-abstract type
derived from an abstract formal private type, all abstract primitive
subprograms inherited from the actual type must be overridden in the
instance.

BC53001

Check that the index subtypes of an unconstrained formal array subtype
and its corresponding actual subtype must statically match.  Check that
the index ranges of a constrained formal array subtype and its
corresponding actual subtype must statically match.  Check that the
component subtypes of a formal array type and its corresponding actual
type must statically match.

BC53002

Check that if a formal array type has aliased components, the
corresponding actual type must also have aliased components. Check that
if a formal array type does not have aliased components, the
corresponding actual type may nevertheless have aliased components.

BC54001

Check that if a generic formal access type contains the general access
modifier "constant," the actual must be an access-to-constant type.
Check that if a generic formal access type contains the general access
modifier "all," the actual must be a general access-to-variable type.
Check that if a generic formal access type contains no general access
modifiers and is not a formal access-to-subprogram type, the actual
must be a general or pool-specific access-to-variable type. Check that
if a generic formal access type is a formal access-to-subprogram type,
the actual must be an access-to-subprogram type.

BC54002

Check that, for a formal access-to-subprogram subtype, the designated
profiles of the formal and actual must be subtype conformant.

BC54003

Check that, for a formal access-to-subprogram subtype, the
corresponding parameter and result types of the designated profiles of
the formal and actual must be the same. Specifically, check for the
case where the parameters in the profile of the formal type are
themselves formal types.

BC54004

Check that for a generic formal access type, either both or neither of
the formal and actual subtypes exclude null.

BC54A01

Check that, for a formal access-to-subprogram subtype whose profile
contains access parameters, the designated subtypes of the
corresponding access parameters in the formal and actual profiles must
statically match. Check cases where the designated subtype is an
elementary subtype.

BC54A02

Check that, for a formal access-to-subprogram subtype whose profile
contains access parameters, the designated subtypes of the
corresponding access parameters in the formal and actual profiles must
statically match. Check cases where the designated subtype is a
composite subtype.

BC54A03

Check that, for a formal access-to-subprogram subtype whose profile
contains access parameters, the designated subtypes of the
corresponding access parameters in the formal and actual profiles must
statically match. Check cases where the designated subtype is a generic
formal subtype.

BC54A04

Check that, for a formal access-to-object type, the designated subtypes
of the formal and actual must statically match. Check for the case
where the access-to-object type is a general access-to-constant type.

BC54A05

Check that, for a formal access-to-object type, the designated subtypes
of the formal and actual must statically match. Check for the case
where the access-to-object type is a general access-to-variable type.

BC54A06

Check that, for a formal access-to-object type, the designated subtypes
of the formal and actual must statically match. Check for the case
where the access-to-object type is a pool-specific access-to-variable
type.

BC55001

Check that for a formal interface type, then the following entities
that are of the formal type are illegal because the type is abstract:
an object created by an object declaration or an allocator,
a component, an aggregate, a generic formal object of mode in, the
result type of a non-abstract function, the designated type of the
access result type of a non-abstract function, the result type of a
generic function, and the designated type of the access result type
of a generic function.

BC60001

Check that a subprogram default of null shall not be specified for a
formal function.

Check that a subprogram default of null shall not be specified for a
formal abstract subprogram.

Check that a null procedure as a formal subprogram default has convention
Intrinsic.

BC60002

Check that a formal_abstract_subprogram_declaration cannot lack a
controlling type.

Check that a formal_abstract_subprogram_declaration cannot have
multiple controlling types.

Check that a formal_abstract_subprogram_declaration cannot have
a controlling type that is incomplete.

BC60003

Check that the actual subprogram for a formal abstract subprogram
is a dispatching operation of the controlling type or the
actual type corresponding to the controlling type of the formal
subprogram.

BC60004

Check that every call on an formal abstract subprogram is a dispatching call.

BC60005

For a generic formal subprogram with a parameter or result type that has a
null_exclusion or is an access_definition with a null_exclusion, check that an
instantiation is illegal if the subtype of the corresponding parameter or result
of the actual subprogram does not exclude null.

For an instance of a generic with a generic formal subprogram with a parameter
or result type that has null_exclusion or is an access_definition with a
null_exclusion whose actual is a generic formal subprogram of an outer generic
and that appears in the specification of the outer generic, check that an
instantiation of the outer generic is illegal if the if the corresponding
parameter or result of the actual subprogram does not exclude null.

For an instance of a generic with a generic formal subprogram with a parameter
or result type that has null_exclusion or is an access_definition with a
null_exclusion whose actual is a generic formal subprogram of an outer generic
and that appears in the body of the outer generic, check that the instance is
illegal if the corresponding parameter or result of the formal subprogram does
not include a null_exclusion.


BC70001

Check that the actual corresponding to a generic formal package must be
an instance of the template for the formal package. Check for the case
where the formal package is declared in a library-level generic
package.

BC70002

Check that the actual corresponding to a generic formal package must be
an instance of the template for the formal package. Check for the case
where the formal package is declared in a library-level generic
subprogram.

BC70003

Check that the template in a formal package declaration must be a
generic package. Check for the case where the formal package is
declared in a library-level generic package.

BC70004

Check that the template in a formal package declaration must be a
generic package. Check for the case where the formal package is
declared in a library-level generic subprogram.

BC70005

Check that if a formal package actual part is not (<>), the generic
formal part of the template is not part of the visible part of the
formal package. Check for the case where the formal package is declared
in a library-level generic package.

BC70006

Check that if a formal package actual part is not (<>), the generic
formal part of the template is not part of the visible part of the
formal package. Check for the case where the formal package is declared
in a library-level generic subprogram.

BC70007

Check that an actual instance of a generic formal package is rejected
if its actuals do not match the corresponding actuals in the formal
package actual part. Specifically, check that the following cases are
illegal:  For a formal object of mode IN:  The actuals are both static
expressions but do not have the same value. The actuals are not both
static expressions and do not statically denote the same constant. The
actuals are not both the literal null.

BC70008

Check that the actual corresponding to a generic formal package must be
an instance of the template for the formal package. Check for the case
where the formal package is declared in a library- level generic
subprogram. Check for the case where the actuals have been renamed.
Check that a generic renaming declaration which renames the template
may be used in instantiations of the template.

BC70009

Check that an actual instance of a generic formal package is rejected
if its actuals do not match the corresponding actuals in the formal
package actual part. Specifically, check that, for formal subprograms
and packages, the actuals must statically denote the same entity.

BC70010

Check that an actual instance of a generic formal package is rejected
if its actuals do not match the corresponding actuals in the formal
package actual part. Specifically, check that, for formal subtypes, the
actuals must denote statically matching subtypes.

BD10001

Check that only one of a representation item, operational item, or
aspect specification can be specified for a single aspect of a
single entity.

BD11001

Check that violations of the legality rules for aspect specifications are
detected.

BD11002

Check that the usage names in an aspect_declaration given in the visible
part of a package are resolved at the end of the the visible part; in
particular, names declared in the private part cannot be used.

BD30001

Check that Legality Rules are enforced when Size for a type is
specified with an aspect specification.

BD30002

Check that Legality Rules are enforced when Alignment for a type is
specified with an aspect specification.

BD30003

Check that Legality Rules are enforced when Component_Size is
specified with an aspect specification.

BDB0A01

Check that Storage_Size may not be specified for a derived
access_to_object type.  Check that Storage_Pool may not be specified
for a derived access_to_object type.  Check that type Root_Storage_Pool
is abstract, and requires overriding definitions for procedures
Allocate, Deallocate and function Storage_Size.  Check that
Storage_Size may not be specified for a given access type if
Storage_Pool is specified for it.

BDB2001

Check that a call of an instance of Unchecked_Deallocation is illegal
for an access type with Storage_Size statically set to zero.

BDB3A01

Check that the expected type for the Default_Storage_Pool pragma is
Root_Storage_Pool'Class, and that the pragma argument must denote
a variable.

Check that the expected type for the Default_Storage_Pool aspect is
Root_Storage_Pool'Class, and that the aspect definition must denote
a variable.

BDB4001

Check that a specification of a storage pool is illegal if the
storage pool supports subpools and:
    (A) The access type is statically deeper than the storage pool
        object;
    (B) The storage pool object is a part of a formal parameter;
    (C) The storage pool object is a part of the dereference of a
        non-library level general access type;
    (D) The access type is a general access type.
Part 1: Non-generic uses.

BDC1001

Check that the restriction_parameter_argument of restriction
No_Use_of_Attribute can be any identifier (or one of the allowed
reserved words).

Check that a use of an attribute mentioned in a restriction
No_Use_of_Attribute is detected.

Check that the restriction No_Use_of_Attribute only applies to the
current compilation.

BDC1002

Check that the restriction_parameter_argument of restriction
No_Specification_of_Aspect can be any identifier.

Check that specification of an aspect (by any means) mentioned in a
restriction No_Specification_of_Aspect is detected.

Check that the restriction No_Specification_of_Aspect only applies to
the current compilation.

BDC1003

Check that the restriction_parameter_argument of restriction
No_Use_of_Pragma can be any identifier.

Check that a use of an pragma mentioned in a restriction
No_Use_of_Pragma is detected.

Check that the restriction No_Use_of_Pragma only applies to the
current compilation.


BDD2001

Check that an attribute reference for the stream attributes 'Input, 'Output,
'Class'Input, and 'Class'Output cannot be used if the attributes are not
available, which is usually true for limited types, including composite types
containing limited components.

BDD2002

Check that a limited type extension is illegal if (1) the parent type has
user-defined Read or Write attributes and (2) the extension has a limited
component which does not have a user-defined Read or Write attribute.
(Defect Report 8652/0040, Technical Corrigendum 1,
last sentence of 13.13.2(9/1)).

BDD2003

Check that an attribute reference for the stream attributes 'Write
and 'Read is illegal if the attributes are not available, which is
usually true for limited types, including task types and composite types
containing limited components.

BDD2004

Check that subprograms specified with attribute_definition_clauses
for stream attributes meet the requirements for such subprograms.

BDD2005

Check that subprograms specified with aspect_specifications
for stream attributes meet the requirements for such subprograms.

BDD2006

Check that Legality Rules are enforced when Stream_Size is
specified with an attribute definition clause.

BDD2007

Check that Legality Rules are enforced when Stream_Size is
specified with an aspect specification.

BDE0001

Check that the explicit declaration of a primitive subprogram of a
tagged type must occur before the type is frozen.  Check for cases
where the tagged type is frozen by:  The declaration of a record
extension (check also that a private extension does not freeze the
parent type, and that freezing is deferred until the full type
declaration).  The declaration of an object of the type.  An expression
that is an allocator, the type of which designates the tagged type.
Check that the tagged type is not frozen by a nonstatic expression
that is part of a default expression.

BDE0002

Check that the explicit declaration of a primitive subprogram of a
tagged type must occur before the type is frozen.  Check for cases
where the component type of a composite type is a tagged type, and the
tagged type is frozen by:  The declaration of an object of the
composite type.  An expression that is an allocator, the type of which
designates the composite type.  An expression that is an aggregate,
which contains a composite value of the composite type.  Check that the
tagged type is not frozen by a nonstatic expression  that is part of a
default expression.

BDE0003

Check that the explicit declaration of a primitive subprogram of a
tagged type must occur before the type is frozen.  Check for cases
where the tagged type is frozen by the completion of a deferred
constant declaration.  Check also that the deferred constant
declaration itself does not freeze the type.  Check that a deferred
constant is completed before the constant is frozen.

BDE0004

Check that the explicit declaration of a primitive subprogram of a
tagged type must occur before the type is frozen.  Check for cases
where the tagged type is frozen by the occurrence of a generic
instantiation.  Check that the tagged type is not frozen by a nonstatic
expression  that is a default name.

BDE0005

Check that the explicit declaration of a primitive subprogram of a
tagged type must occur before the type is frozen.  Check for cases
where the primitive subprogram occurs in a package body.

BDE0006

Check that a representation clause for a type must occur before the
type is frozen.  Check for cases where the type is frozen by: The
declaration of an object of the type. The declaration of an object with
a component of the type. The declaration of a record extension of the
type. An expression that is an allocator, the type of which designates
the type.

BDE0007

Check that a representation clause for an object or a type must occur
before the object or type is frozen.  Check for cases where the object
or type is frozen by the occurrence of a generic instantiation.
Check that an instance body does not cause freezing of entities
declared before it within the same declarative part.

BDE0008

Check that a representation clause for a type must occur before the
type is frozen.  Check for cases where the type is frozen by a static
expression or a nonstatic expression which is not a default expression.
Check that a nonstatic expression that is part of a default expression
does not cause freezing.  Check for cases of subprogram renaming.

BDE0009

Check that implicit calls cause freezing.  (Defect Report 8652/0046, as
reflected in Technical Corrigendum 1).

BDE0010

Check that an object renaming causes freezing.

Check that implicit_dereferences cause freezing in a construct that is
being frozen. Check that the nominal subtype of the implicit dereference
is frozen.

Check that implicit conversions cause freezing.

These objectives come from Defect Report 8652/0046, as reflected in
Technical Corrigendum 1).

BDE0011

Check that entities in an aspect specification cause freezing (but
at the freezing point of the entity associated with the aspect
specification).

Check that appearance of an entity in the expression of an
expression function does not cause freezing, but a call of the function,
use of Access on the function, or use of the function as an actual
parameter to a instantiation causes freezing of the entity.

BXA8001

Check that Append_File mode has not been added to package Direct_IO.
APPLICABILITY CRITERIA:  Applicable to all implementations that support
Direct_IO operations.

BXAC001

Check that a stream is limited and may not be the target of an
assignment.

BXAC002

Check that the Set_Position procedure and Position function are not
predefined in Stream_IO.  Check that the type File_Offset is not
predefined in Stream_IO.  Check that the Set_Index procedure and  Index
function are predefined in Stream_IO.  Check that the type
Positive_Count is predefined in Stream_IO.  Check that the  appropriate
parameter types are required for the Stream_IO procedure  Set_Index.

BXAC003

Check that an attempt to use the 'Write or 'Read type attribute values
to write or read a Stream_IO file is rejected when a stream file
object is provided as the parameter, rather than an stream access
value.  Check that the correct type 'Write or 'Read attribute value is
required when writing or reading data to/from a stream.  Check that an
attempt to use the 'Write or 'Read type attribute values as attributes
of an object rather than a type are rejected by the compiler.

BXAC005

Check that Text_IO.File_Type objects cannot be used in conjunction with
stream-oriented attributes 'Write and 'Read. Check that
Streams.Stream_IO.File_Type objects cannot be used in Text_IO file data
transfer operations. Check that stream access objects cannot be used as
file object parameters of Text_IO.Put and Text_IO.Get procedures. Check
that Put and Get are not defined as type attributes for use  with
stream files. Check that the package Stream_Support, which was
originally defined in the 9X Mapping Specification and Ada 9X ILS, but
which has been  changed to package Streams in AARM;3.0, is not included
in the compilation system predefined library.  (Note: This portion of
the objective can be deleted in the future.)

BXAI001

Check that reverse iterators are not allowed for package
Ada.Containers.Hashed_Maps.

BXAI002

Check that reverse iterators are not allowed for package
Ada.Containers.Hashed_Sets.

BXAI003

Check that reverse iterators are not allowed for package
Ada.Containers.Bounded_Hashed_Maps.

BXAI004

Check that reverse iterators are not allowed for package
Ada.Containers.Bounded_Hashed_Sets.

BXAI005

Check that a container element cannot be written using indexing for
Ada.Containers.Hashed_Sets.

BXAI006

Check that a container element cannot be written using indexing for
Ada.Containers.Ordered_Sets.

BXAI007

Check that a container element cannot be written using indexing for
Ada.Containers.Bounded_Hashed_Sets.

BXAI008

Check that a container element cannot be written using indexing for
Ada.Containers.Bounded_Ordered_Sets.

BXAIA01

Check that reverse iterators are not allowed for package
Ada.Containers.Indefinite_Hashed_Maps.

BXAIA02

Check that reverse iterators are not allowed for package
Ada.Containers.Indefinite_Hashed_Sets.

BXAIA03

Check that a container element cannot be written using indexing for
Ada.Containers.Indefinite_Hashed_Sets.

BXAIA04

Check that a container element cannot be written using indexing for
Ada.Containers.Indefinite_Ordered_Sets.

BXB3001

Check that an Unchecked_Union is illegal if there is any component
that is not an unchecked union and whose constraint depends on a
discriminant.

BXB3002

Check that the name of a discriminant of an unchecked union cannot be
used outside of the type declaration.

Check that the name of a discriminant of an unchecked union cannot be
used in a record representation clause for the type.

BXB3003

Check that the completion of an incomplete type with a known
discriminant part cannot be an unchecked union type.

Check that the full type for a private type with a known discriminant
part cannot be an unchecked union type.

BXB3004

Check that the aspect Unchecked_Union cannot be specified illegally:
   (A) It cannot be specified on a non-record type;
   (B) It cannot be specified on a record type that does not
       have discriminants;
   (C) It cannot be specified on a record type that have discriminants
       but does not have a variant part;
   (D) It cannot be specified for a derived record type whose parent
       type is a discriminated record type with a variant part that
       has primitive operations;
   (E) Its expression cannot have a type other than Boolean;
   (F) Its expression cannot be a non-static Boolean expression.

BXC3001

Check that pragmas Interrupt_Handler and Attach_Handler are
recognized.  Check that the handler is a parameterless protected
procedure; check that the pragmas are allowed only immediately in a
protected definition. Check that Attach_Handler will accept an
expression only of type Interrupts.Interrupt_ID.

BXC3002

Check that pragmas Interrupt_Handler and Attach_Handler are recognized
for protected types.  Check that the pragmas are allowed only
immediately in a protected definition.  Check that a protected
declaration for Attach_Handler must be library level. Check that a
protected type declaration for Interrupt_Handler must be library level
and that any object declaration of that type must be library level.

BXC3A01

Check that if either the Attach_Handler or Interrupt_Handler aspect is
specified for a protected procedure, the corresponding protected declaration
must be at library-level.

BXC5001

Check that pragma Discard_Names may only be declared immediately within
a declarative part, immediately within a package specification or as a
configuration pragma. Check that its parameter, if present, may denote
only a non-derived enumeration subtype, tagged subtype or an
exception.

BXC6001

Check that the name referenced in pragmas Atomic and Volatile may only
be an object, a non-inherited component or a full type. Check that the
name referenced in Atomic_Components or Volatile_Components must be an
array type or an object of an anonymous array type.

BXC6002

Check that if an atomic object is used as an actual for a generic
formal object of mode in out, the type of the generic formal object
must be atomic.  Check that if the prefix of 'Access denotes an atomic
object (including a component), the designated type of the resulting
access type must be atomic.

BXC6003

Check that the implementation rejects a pragma Atomic when it cannot
support indivisible reads or updates of the object. Check that the
implementation rejects a pragma Atomic_Components when it cannot
support indivisible reads or updates of the components of the array
object.

BXC6A01

Check that if a volatile object is passed as a parameter, then the type
of the formal parameter must not be a non-volatile by-reference type.

BXC6A02

Check that if a volatile object is used as an actual for a generic
formal object of mode in out, the type of the generic formal object
must be volatile.  Check that if the prefix of 'Access denotes a
volatile object (including a component), the designated type of the
resulting access type must be volatile.

BXC6A03

Check that if a volatile type is used as an actual for a generic formal
derived type, the ancestor of the formal type must not be a
non-volatile by-reference type.

BXC6A04

Check that if a pragma Volatile, Volatile_Components, Atomic, or
Atomic_Components applies to a stand-alone constant object, then a
pragma Import must also apply to it. Check that if a stand-alone
constant object is atomic or volatile solely because of its type, a
pragma Import need not apply to it.

BXD1001

Check that a Priority pragma is allowed immediately within  a
task_definition, a protected_definition, and the  declarative_part of a
subprogram_body. Check that a Priority pragma is not allowed in other
places. Check that an Interrupt_Priority pragma is allowed immediately
within a task_definition or a protected_definition. Check that an
Interrupt_Priority pragma is not allowed in the  declarative part of a
subprogram_body. Check that only one such pragma is allowed within a
given  construct.

BXD1002

Check that the pragma priority expression must be static when  the
pragma is located within the declarative_part of a  subprogram_body.
Check that the expression in a Priority and Interrupt_Priority pragma
is required to be of type Integer. Check that the pragma priority
expression need not be static  when the pragma is located within a
task_definition or  protected_definition.

BXE2007

Check that a declared Shared_Passive library unit may not contain:
objects that are not preelaborable, library level task object
declarations, protected objects with entries, access types  that
designate a class-wide type, access types that designate  a task type,
or access types that designate a protected type  with entries.  Check
that a declared Shared_Passive library unit may contain: objects that
are preelaborable, protected objects without entries,  protected types
with entries, and task types.

BXE2008

Check that a declared Remote_Types library unit may not contain:
variable declarations; private types where the full view of the  type
contains a non-remote access type and no READ and WRITE  attributes are
supplied; visible access types where the type is neither an
access-to-subprogram type nor a general access type that designates a
class-wide limited private type.  Check that a declared Remote_Types
library unit may contain: private types where the full view of the type
contains a non-remote access type and READ and WRITE attributes are
supplied.

BXE2009

Check that a declared Remote_Call_Interface library unit may not
contain: variable declarations, task type declarations, protected type
declarations, nested generic declarations, limited types, subprogram
declarations to which a pragma inline applies, non-preelaborable
constant declarations, a subprogram declaration with a formal
parameter  of an access type, or a subprogram declaration with a
formal  parameter of a limited type without READ and WRITE attributes.
Check that a Remote_Call_Interface library unit may not depend upon a
shared passive or normal package.  Check that a declared
Remote_Call_Interface library unit may  contain: subprogram declaration
with a formal parameter of a limited type  with READ and WRITE
attributes.  Check that pragma Asynchronous can only be applied to RCI
procedures containing only mode in parameters.

BXE2010

Check that a public child library unit of a remote call  interface
library unit must itself have a Remote_Call_Interface pragma. Check
that a private child library unit of a remote call interface library
unit are not subjected to the restrictions of an RCI unit unless the
private child unit contains a  Remote_Call_Interface pragma. Check the
parameterized form of the pragma to see that a library  unit name can
be specified and if it is specified, it must correspond to the library
unit in which it is contained. Check that a public child library unit
of a normal package cannot be a remote call interface unit. Check that
a public child library unit of a pure package can be a remote call
interface unit.

BXE2011

Check that a value of a remote access-to-subprogram type can only be
converted to another conformant remote access-to-subprogram type. Check
that the prefix of an access attribute_reference that yields  a value
of a remote access-to-subprogram type shall statically denote a
conformant remote subprogram. Check that a value of a remote
access-to-class-wide type can only  be converted to another remote
access-to-class-wide type. Check that the Storage_Pool and Storage_Size
attributes are not defined for remote access-to-class-wide types.

BXE2012

Check that a remote access-to-class-wide type must designate a limited
private type. Check that the primitive subprograms of the limited
private type designated by a remote access-to-class-wide type can only
have access parameters for the controlling parameters. Check that
non-controlling parameters of limited private types designated by a
remote access-to-class-wide type are required to have Read and Write
attributes. Check that a value of a remote access-to-class-wide type
can be  implicitly converted only as part of a dispatching call where
the  value designates a controlling operand of the call.

BXE2013

Check the requirements of the revised E.2(4) from Technical
Corrigendum 1 (originally discussed as AI95-00048).
A shared passive or remote types library unit must be a package or
generic package, not a subprogram or generic subprogram.

BXE2A01

Check that a Declared Pure library unit can depend only on other
Declared Pure library units.  Specifically, it can not depend on a
Shared Passive Unit.

BXE2A02

Check that a Declared Pure library unit can depend only on other
Declared Pure library units.  Specifically it can not depend on a
Remote Types unit.

BXE2A03

Check that a Declared Pure library unit can depend only on other
Declared Pure library units. Specifically it cannot depend on an
Normal unrestricted unit.

BXE2A04

Check that a Shared Passive library unit can depend only on other
Shared Passive or Declared Pure library units.  Specifically that  it
can not depend on a Remote Types library unit.

BXE2A05

Check that a Shared Passive library unit can depend only on other
Shared Passive library units or Declared Pure library units.
Specifically that it can not depend on a Normal unrestricted unit.

BXE2A06

Check that a Remote Types library unit can depend only on other  Remote
Types library units, Declared Pure library units or Shared Passive
library units. Specifically that it cannot depend on a Normal
unrestricted unit

BXE4001

Check that pragma Asynchronous can only be applied to one of the
following three categories of items: Remote procedures where the formal
parameters of the procedures are all of mode in; The first subtype of a
remote access-to-procedure type where  the formal parameters of the
designated profile of the type  are all of mode in; Remote
access-to-class-wide types.

BXF1001

Check that values of 2 and 10 are allowable values for Machine_Radix of
a decimal first subtype.  Check that values other than 2 and 10 are not
allowed for Machine_Radix of a decimal first subtype. Check that the
expression used to define Machine_Radix must be static.  Check that the
package Ada.Decimal is available.  Check that 10**(-Max_Scale) is
allowed as a decimal type's delta. Check that 10**(-Min_Scale) is
allowed as a decimal type's delta. Check that Min_Delta and Max_Delta
are allowed for delta in  decimal fixed point definitions.  Check that
Max_Decimal_Digits  is allowed for digits in a decimal fixed point
definition.  Check that a value N larger than Max_Scale is not allowed
in the  expression 10**(-N) as a decimal type's delta. Check that a
value  N smaller than Min_Scale is not allowed in the expression
10**(-N)  as a decimal type's delta.  Check that neither a value
smaller than  Min_Delta nor a value larger than Max_Delta are allowed
for delta in  decimal fixed point definitions.  Check that

BXH4001

Check pragma Restrictions. Check that the application of the
configuration pragma Restrictions with the specific restriction:
No_Protected_Types disallows protected types in the compilations.

BXH4002

Check pragma Restrictions. Check that the application of the
configuration pragma Restrictions with the specific restriction:
No_Allocators disallows allocators in the compilations.

BXH4003

Check pragma Restrictions. Check that the application of the
configuration pragma Restrictions with the specific restriction:
No_Local_Allocators disallows allocators and generic package
instantiations in subprograms, generic subprograms, tasks, and entry
bodies. Check that allocators and generic instantiations are still
allowed at the library package level.

BXH4004

Check pragma Restrictions. Check that the application of the
configuration pragma Restrictions with the specific restriction:
No_Unchecked_Deallocation disallows the use of Unchecked_Deallocation;
Check that the application of the configuration pragma Restrictions
with the specific restriction: Immediate_Reclamation is accepted.

BXH4005

Check pragma Restrictions. Check that the application of the
configuration pragma Restrictions with the specific restriction:
No_Exceptions is accepted.

BXH4006

Check pragma Restrictions. Check that the application of the
configuration pragma Restrictions with the specific restriction:
No_Floating_Point is accepted.

BXH4007

Check pragma Restrictions. Check that the application of the
configuration pragma Restrictions with the specific restriction:
No_Fixed_Point is accepted.

BXH4008

Check pragma Restrictions. Check that the application of the
configuration pragma Restrictions with the specific restriction:
No_Unchecked_Conversion does not allow the use of
Unchecked_Conversion.

BXH4009

Check pragma Restrictions. Check that the application of the
configuration pragma Restrictions with the specific restriction:
No_Access_Subprograms is accepted.

BXH4010

Check pragma Restrictions. Check that the application of the
configuration pragma Restrictions with the specific restriction:
No_Unchecked_Access is accepted.

BXH4011

Check pragma Restrictions. Check that the application of the
configuration pragma Restrictions with the specific restriction:
No_Dispatch disallows occurrences of T'Class.

BXH4012

Check pragma Restrictions. Check that the application of the
configuration pragma Restrictions with the specific restriction: No_IO
rejects any semantic dependence on Sequential_IO, Direct_IO, Text_IO,
Wide_Text_IO or Stream_IO.

BXH4013

Check pragma Restrictions. Check that the application of the
configuration pragma Restrictions with the specific restriction:
No_Delay is accepted.

C250001

Check that wide character literals are supported. Check that wide
character string literals are supported.

C250002

Check that characters in Latin-1 above ASCII.Del can be used in
identifiers, character literals and strings.

C324001

Check usage of aspects Static_Predicate and Dynamic_Predicate.
Verify that the appropriate predicate checks are performed
upon assignment, declarations of objects with explicit or
default initialization and the passing of parameters.
Check predicates specified for enumeration, integer, record,
and access types.

C324002

Check that appropriate predicate checks are performed for a by-reference
type upon assignment, type conversion, and the passing of parameters.

C324003

Check that predicates are checked in the correct order, and that the
specified exception raised in place of Assertion_Error.

C324004

Check that a static or dynamic predicate specified directly for a
type or subtype is not checked when it is disabled (the applicable
assertion policy is Ignore). Case A: global assertion policy pragma.

Check that a static or dynamic predicate specified directly for a
type or subtype still is evaluated for a membership even if it is
disabled (the applicable assertion policy is Ignore).

Check that a static or dynamic predicate specified directly for a
type or subtype still is evaluated for a Valid attribute even if it is
disabled (the applicable assertion policy is Ignore).

Check that a static predicate specified directly for a
type or subtype still is determines the items iterated by a for loop
on the type or subtype even if it is disabled (the applicable assertion
policy is Ignore).

C324005

Check that a static or dynamic predicate specified directly for a
type or subtype is not checked when it is disabled (the applicable
assertion policy is Ignore). Case B: specific assertion policy pragma.

Check that a static or dynamic predicate specified directly for a
type or subtype still is evaluated for a membership even if it is
disabled (the applicable assertion policy is Ignore).

Check that a static or dynamic predicate specified directly for a
type or subtype still is evaluated for a Valid attribute even if it is
disabled (the applicable assertion policy is Ignore).

Check that a static predicate specified directly for a
type or subtype still is determines the items iterated by a for loop
on the type or subtype even if it is disabled (the applicable assertion
policy is Ignore).

C324006

Check that a failed predicate check for a type or subtype with a 
predicate and a Predicate_Failure aspect that does not raise an 
exception propagates Assertion_Error with the string value resulting
from the evaluation of the Predicate_Failure aspect.

Check that a predicate is checked when it is enabled by a specific
pragma.

Check that a dynamic predicate of a type is checked when it is enabled.

C330001

Check that a variable object of an indefinite type is properly
initialized/constrained by an initial value assignment that is  a) an
aggregate, b) a function, or c) an object.  Check that objects  of the
above types do not need explicit constraints if they have  initial
values.

C330002

Check that if a subtype indication of a variable object defines an
indefinite subtype, then there is an initialization expression.  Check
that the object remains so constrained throughout its lifetime.  Check
for cases of tagged record, arrays and generic formal type.

C332001

Check that the static expression given for a number declaration may be
of any numeric type.  Check that the type of a named number is
universal_integer or universal_real regardless of the type of the
static expression that provides its value.

C340001

Check that user-defined equality operators are inherited by a derived
type except when the derived type is a nonlimited record extension. In
the latter case, ensure that the primitive equality operation of the
record extension compares any extended components according to the
predefined equality operators of the component types.  Also check that
the parent portion of the extended type is compared using the
user-defined equality operation of the parent type.

C340A01

Check that a tagged type declared in a package specification may be
passed as a generic formal (tagged) private type to a generic package
declaration. Check that the formal type may be extended with a record
extension in the generic package.  Check that, in the instance, the
record extension inherits the user-defined primitive subprograms of the
tagged actual.

C340A02

Check that a record extension (declared in a package specification) of
a tagged type (declared in a different package specification) may be
passed as a generic formal (tagged) private type to a generic package
declaration. Check that the formal type may be further extended with a
record extension in the generic package.  Check that, in the instance,
the record extension inherits the user-defined primitive subprograms of
the tagged actual, including those inherited by the actual from its
parent.

C341A01

Check that formal parameters of a class-wide type can be passed  values
of any specific type within the class.

C341A02

Check that class-wide objects can be reassigned with objects from  the
same specific type used to initialize them.

C341A03

Check that an object of one class-wide type can initialize a
class-wide object of a different type when the operation is embedded in
a generic unit.

C341A04

Check that class-wide objects can be initialized using allocation.

C350001

Check that the object form of the Image attribute works as defined.

C350A01

Check that objects of types with a specified Default_Value are
appropriately initialized.

Part 1: Normal discrete types.

C350A02

Check that objects of types with a specified Default_Value are
appropriately initialized.

Part 2: Generic discrete types.

C350B01

Check that objects of types with a specified Default_Value are
appropriately initialized.

Part 3: Normal real types.

C350B02

Check that objects of types with a specified Default_Value are
appropriately initialized.

Part 4: Generic real types.

C352001

Check that the predefined Character type comprises 256 positions.
Check that the names of the non-graphic characters are usable with  the
attributes (Wide_)Image and (Wide_)Value, and that these attributes
produce the correct result.

C354002

Check that the attributes of modular types yield correct
values/results.  The attributes checked are:  First, Last, Range, Base,
Min, Max, Succ, Pred,  Image, Width, Value, Pos, and Val

C354003

Check that the Wide_String attributes of modular types yield correct
values/results.  The attributes checked are:  Wide_Image Wide_Value

C354004

Check the operation of the Mod attribute.

C35A001

Check that Small can be specified with an aspect specification.

C360002

Check that modular types may be used as array indices.  Check that if
aliased appears in the component_definition of an array_type that each
component of the array is aliased.  Check that references to aliased
array objects produce correct results, and that out-of-bounds indexing
correctly produces Constraint_Error.

C360A01

Check that objects of types with a specified Default_Component_Value are
appropriately initialized.

Part 1: Arrays of discrete types.

C360A02

Check that objects of types with a specified Default_Component_Value are
appropriately initialized.

Part 2: Generic arrays of discrete types.

C360B01

Check that objects of types with a specified Default_Component_Value are
appropriately initialized.

Part 3: Arrays of real types.

C360B02

Check that objects of types with a specified Default_Component_Value are
appropriately initialized.

Part 4: Generic arrays of real types.

C371001

Check that if a discriminant constraint depends on a discriminant, the
evaluation of the expressions in the constraint is deferred  until an
object of the subtype is created.  Check for cases of  records with
private type component.

C371002

Check that if a discriminant constraint depends on a discriminant, the
evaluation of the expressions in the constraint is deferred until an
object of the subtype is created.  Check for cases of records.

C371003

Check that if a discriminant constraint depends on a discriminant, the
evaluation of the expressions in the constraint is deferred  until an
object of the subtype is created.  Check for cases of  records where
the component containing the constraint is present in the subtype.

C380001

Check that checks are made properly when a per-object expression contains
an attribute whose prefix denotes the current instance of the type.
(Defect Report 8652/0002, as reflected in Technical Corrigendum 1,
RM95 3.8(18/1)).

C380002

Check that an expression in a per-object discriminant constraint which is
part of a named association is evaluated once for each association.
(Defect Report 8652/0002, as reflected in Technical Corrigendum 1,
RM95 3.8(18.1/1)).

C380003

Check that per-object expressions are evaluated as specified for
protected components.  (Defect Report 8652/0002, as reflected in Technical
Corrigendum 1, RM95 3.6(22/1) and 3.8(18/1)).

C380004

Check that per-object expressions are evaluated as specified for entry
families and protected components.  (Defect Report 8652/0002,
as reflected in Technical Corrigendum 1, RM95 3.6(22/1), 3.8(18/1),
and 9.5.2(22/1)).

C390001

Check that a record extension can be declared in the same package as
its parent, and that this parent may be a tagged record or a record
extension. Check that each derivative inherits all user- defined
primitive subprograms of its parent (including those that its parent
inherited), and that it may declare its own primitive subprograms.
Check that predefined equality operators are defined for the root
tagged type.  Check that type conversion is defined from a type
extension to its parent, and that this parent itself may be a type
extension.

C390002

Check that a tagged base type may be declared, and derived from in
simple, private and extended forms.  (Overlaps with C390B04) Check that
the package Ada.Tags is present and correctly implemented. Check for
the correct operation of Expanded_Name, External_Tag and Internal_Tag
within that package.  Check that the exception Tag_Error is correctly
raised on calling Internal_Tag with bad input.

C390003

Check that for a subtype S of a tagged type T, S'Class denotes a
class-wide subtype.  Check that T'Tag denotes the tag of the type T,
and that, for a class-wide tagged type X, X'Tag denotes the tag of X.
Check that the tags of stand alone objects, record and array
components, aggregates, and formal parameters identify their type.
Check that the tag of a value of a formal parameter is that of the
actual parameter, even if the actual is passed by a view conversion.

C390004

Check that the tags of allocated objects correctly identify the type of
the allocated object.  Check that the tag corresponds correctly to the
value resulting from both normal and view conversion.  Check that the
tags of accessed values designating aliased objects correctly identify
the type of the object.  Check that the tag of a function result
correctly evaluates.  Check this for class-wide functions.  The tag of
a class-wide function result should be the tag appropriate to the
actual value returned, not the tag of the ancestor type.

C390005

Check that a private tagged type declared in a package specification
may be extended with a private extension in a different package
specification, and that this private extension may in turn be extended
by a private extension in a third package.  Check that each derivative
inherits the user-defined primitive subprograms of its parent
(including those that its parent inherited), that it may override these
inherited primitive subprograms, and that it may also declare its own
primitive subprograms.  Check that type conversion is defined from a
type extension to its parent, and that this parent itself may be a type
extension.

C390006

Check that a private tagged type declared in a package specification
may be extended with a private extension in a different package
specification, and that this private extension may in turn be extended
by a record extension in a third package.  Check that each derivative
inherits the user-defined primitive subprograms of its parent
(including those that its parent inherited), that it may override these
inherited primitive subprograms, and that it may also declare its own
primitive subprograms.  Check that type conversion is defined from a
type extension to its parent, and that this parent itself may be a type
extension.

C390007

Check that the tag of an object of a tagged type is preserved by type
conversion and parameter passing.

C390010

Check that if S is a subtype of a tagged type T, and if S is
constrained, then the allowable values of S'Class are only those that,
when converted to T, belong to S.

C390011

Check that tagged types declared within generic package declarations
generate distinct tags for each instance of the generic.

C390012

Check that an instance of Generic_Dispatching_Constructor calls the
correct functions and creates objects of the correct type.

Check that an instance of Generic_Dispatching_Constructor raises
Tag_Error if called with the tag of an unrelated type, the tag of
an abstract type, the tag of a type more nested than the instance,
or with No_Tag.

C390A01

Check that a nonprivate tagged type declared in a package specification
may be extended with a record extension in a different package
specification, and that this record extension may in turn be extended
by a record extension.  Check that each derivative inherits the
user-defined primitive subprograms of its parent (including those that
its parent inherited), that it may override these inherited primitive
subprograms, and that it may also declare its own primitive
subprograms.  Check that predefined equality operators are defined for
the tagged type and its derivatives.  Check that type conversion is
defined from a type extension to its parent, and that this parent
itself may be a type extension.

C390A02

Check that a nonprivate tagged type declared in a package specification
may be extended with a record extension in a different package
specification, and that this record extension may in turn be extended
by a private extension in a third package.  Check that each derivative
inherits the user-defined primitive subprograms of its parent
(including those that its parent inherited), that it may override these
inherited primitive subprograms, and that it may also declare its own
primitive subprograms.  Check that predefined equality operators are
defined for the tagged type and its derivatives.  Check that type
conversion is defined from a type extension to its parent, and that
this parent itself may be a type extension.

C390A03

Check that a nonprivate tagged type declared in a package specification
may be extended with a private extension in a different package
specification, and that this private extension may in turn be extended
by a private extension.  Check that each derivative inherits the
user-defined primitive subprograms of its parent (including those that
its parent inherited), that it may override these inherited primitive
subprograms, and that it may also declare its own primitive
subprograms.  Check that predefined equality operators are defined for
the tagged type and its derivatives.  Check that type conversion is
defined from a type extension to its parent, and that this parent
itself may be a type extension.

C391001

Check that structures nesting discriminated records as components in
record extension are correctly supported.  Check for this using limited
private structures. Check that record extensions inherit all the
visible components of their ancestor types.  Check that discriminants
are correctly inherited.

C391002

Check that structures nesting discriminated records as components in
record extension are correctly supported. Check that record extensions
inherit all the visible components of their ancestor types. Check that
discriminants are correctly inherited.

C391003

Check that a type can be extended at a different level than the
parent type. Check that subprograms overridden for such an extension
can be dispatched to, and that the overridden routine can access
local variables of the subprogram.

C392002

Check that the use of a class-wide formal parameter allows for the
proper dispatching of objects to the appropriate implementation of  a
primitive operation.  Check this in the case where the root tagged type
is defined in a generic package, and the type derived from it is
defined in that same generic package.

C392003

Check that the use of a class-wide formal parameter allows for the
proper dispatching of objects to the appropriate implementation of  a
primitive operation.  Check this where the root tagged type is defined
in a package, and the extended type is defined in a nested package.

C392004

Check that subprograms inherited from tagged derivations, which are
subsequently redefined for the derived type, are available to the
package defining the new class via view conversion.  Check that
operations performed on objects using view conversion do not  affect
the extended fields.  Check that visible operations not masked  by the
deriving package remain available to the client, and do not  affect the
extended fields.

C392005

Check that, for an implicitly declared dispatching operation that is
overridden, the body executed is the body for the overriding
subprogram, even if the overriding occurs in a private part.  Check for
the case where the overriding operations are declared in a public child
unit of the package declaring the parent type, and the descendant type
is a private extension.  Check for both dispatching and nondispatching
calls.

C392008

Check that the use of a class-wide formal parameter allows for the
proper dispatching of objects to the appropriate implementation of  a
primitive operation.  Check this for the case where the root tagged
type is defined in a package and the extended type is defined in a
dependent package.

C392010

Check that a subprogram dispatches correctly with a controlling access
parameter. Check that a subprogram dispatches correctly when it has
access parameters that are not controlling. Check with and without
default expressions.

C392011

Check that if a function call with a controlling result is itself a
controlling operand of an enclosing call on a dispatching operation,
then its controlling tag value is determined by the controlling tag
value of the enclosing call.

C392013

Check that the "/=" implicitly declared with the declaration of "=" for
a tagged type is legal and can be used in a dispatching call.
(Defect Report 8652/0010, as reflected in Technical Corrigendum 1).

C392014

Check that objects designated by X'Access (where X is of a class-wide
type) and new T'Class'(...) are dynamically tagged and can be used in
dispatching calls.  (Defect Report 8652/0010).

C392015

Check that default expressions of inherited dispatching routines
dispatch properly. (From AI95-00239.)

C392A01

Check that the use of a class-wide formal parameter allows for the
proper dispatching of objects to the appropriate implementation of  a
primitive operation.  Check this for the root tagged type defined in a
package, and the extended type is defined in that same package.

C392C05

Check that for a call to a dispatching subprogram the subprogram body
which is executed is determined by the controlling tag for the case
where the call has statically tagged controlling operands of the type
T.  Check this for various operands of tagged types: objects (declared
or allocated), formal parameters, view conversions, function calls
(both primitive and non-primitive).

C392C07

Check that for a call to a dispatching subprogram the subprogram body
which is executed is determined by the controlling tag for the case
where the call has dynamic tagged controlling operands of the type T.
Check for calls to these same subprograms where the operands are of
specific statically tagged types: objects (declared or allocated),
formal parameters, view conversions, and function calls (both primitive
and non-primitive).

C392D01

Check that, for an implicitly declared dispatching operation that is
overridden, the body executed is the body for the overriding
subprogram, even if the overriding occurs in a private part. Check
that, for an implicitly declared dispatching operation that is NOT
overridden, the body executed is the body of the corresponding
subprogram of the parent type.  Check for the case where the overriding
(and non-overriding) operations are declared for a private extension
(and its full type) in a public child unit of the package declaring the
ancestor type, and the ancestor type is a tagged private type whose
full view is itself a derived type.

C392D02

Check that a primitive procedure declared in a private part is not
overridden by a procedure explicitly declared at a place where the
primitive procedure in question is not visible.  Check for the case
where the non-overriding operation is declared in a separate
(non-child) package from that declaring the parent type, and the
descendant type is a record extension.

C392D03

Check that, for an inherited dispatching operation that is overridden,
the body executed is the body of the overriding subprogram, even if the
overriding occurs in a private part.  Check for the case where the
overriding operation is declared in a separate (non-child) package from
that declaring the parent type, and the descendant type is a record
extension.  Check for both dispatching and nondispatching calls.

C393001

Check that an abstract type can be declared, and in turn concrete types
can be derived from it.  Check that the definition of  actual
subprograms associated with the derived types dispatch correctly.

C393007

Check that an extended type can be derived from an abstract type, where
the abstract type is defined in a package, and the type derived from it
is defined in a distinct library package.

C393008

Check that an extended type can be derived from an abstract type.

C393009

Check that an extended type can be derived from an abstract type.

C393010

Check that an extended type can be derived from an abstract type and
that a call on an abstract operation is a dispatching operation. Check
that such a call can dispatch to an overriding operation declared in
the private part of a package.

C393011

Check that an abstract extended type can be derived from an abstract
type, and that a a non-abstract type may then be derived from the
second abstract type.

C393012

Check that a non-abstract subprogram of an abstract type can be called
with a controlling operand that is a type conversion to the abstract
type.  Check that converting to the class-wide type of an abstract type
inside an operation of that type causes a "redispatch" of the called
operation.

C393013

Check that a non-abstract function with a controlling result of
type T is inherited as non-abstract and does not require overriding
for a null extension of T.

For a private extension of type T, check that an inherited non-abstract
function with a controlling result does not require overriding if the
full type is a null extension of T.

Check that a call on an inherited function for a null extension
returns the equivalent of a null extension aggregate.

C393A02

Check that a dispatching call to an abstract subprogram invokes the
correct subprogram body of a descendant type according to the
controlling tag. Check that a subprogram can be declared with formal
parameters and result that are of an abstract type's associated
class-wide type and that such subprograms can be called. 3.4.1(4)

C393A03

Check that a non-abstract primitive subprogram of an abstract type can
be called as a dispatching operation and that the body of this
subprogram can make a dispatching call to an abstract operation of the
corresponding abstract type.

C393A05

Check that for a nonabstract private extension, any inherited abstract
subprograms can be overridden in the private part of the immediately
enclosing package and that calls can be made to private dispatching
operations.

C393A06

Check that a type that inherits abstract operations but overrides each
of these operations is not required to be abstract, and that objects of
the type and its class-wide type may be declared and passed in calls to
the overriding subprograms.

C393B12

Check that an extended type can be derived in the specification of a
generic package when the parent is an abstract type in a library
package.

C393B13

Check that an extended type can be derived from an abstract type when
that derivation is declared in a child package.

C393B14

Check that an extended type can be derived in a private child package
from an abstract type defined in a library package.

C394001

Check that an object of a task interface type can be the prefix of the
Terminated and Callable attributes.

Check that an object of a task interface type can be passed to an
abort statement.

C394002

Check that an interface inherits primitive subprograms from
each progenitor. Case 1A: Limited interfaces, simple primitive
subprograms.

C394003

Check that an interface inherits primitive subprograms from
each progenitor. Case 2A: Non-limited interfaces, simple primitive
subprograms.

C3A0001

Check that access to subprogram type can be used to select and invoke
functions with appropriate arguments dynamically.

C3A0002

Check that access to subprogram type can be used to select and  invoke
procedures with appropriate arguments dynamically.

C3A0003

Check that a function in a generic instance can be called using an
access-to-subprogram value.

C3A0004

Check that access to subprogram may be stored within array  objects,
and that the access to subprogram can subsequently  be called.

C3A0005

Check that access to subprogram may be stored within record  objects,
and that the access to subprogram can subsequently  be called.

C3A0006

Check that access to subprogram may be stored within data  structures,
and that the access to subprogram can subsequently  be called.

C3A0007

Check that a call to a subprogram via an access-to-subprogram value
stored in a data structure will correctly dispatch according to the tag
of the class-wide parameter passed via that call.

C3A0008

Check that subprogram references may be passed as parameters using
access-to-subprogram types. Check that the passed subprograms may  be
invoked from within the called subprogram.

C3A0009

Check that subprogram references may be passed as parameters using
access-to-subprogram types. Check that the passed subprograms may  be
invoked from within the called subprogram.

C3A0010

Check that an access-to-subprogram type in a generic instance may be
used to declare access-to-subprogram objects which invoke subprograms
in the instance.

C3A0011

Check that an access-to-subprogram object whose type is declared in a
parent package, may be used to invoke subprograms in a child package.
Check that such access objects may be stored in a data structure and
that subprograms may be called by walking the data structure.

C3A0012

Check that an access-to-subprogram object can be used to invoke a
subprogram when the subprogram body had been declared and implemented
as a subunit.

C3A0013

Check that a general access type object may reference allocated pool
objects as well as aliased objects. (3,4) Check that formal parameters
of tagged types are implicitly defined as aliased; check that the
'Access of these formal parameters designates the correct object with
the correct tag. (5) Check that the current instance of a limited type
is defined as aliased. (5)

C3A0014

Check that if the view defined by an object declaration is aliased,
has discriminants, and its nominal subtype is unconstrained, then
the object is unconstrained.

Check that the attribute A'Constrained returns False if A is a formal
out or in out parameter and A denotes an aliased view of an object
with an unconstrained nominal subtype.

C3A0015

Check that a derived access type has the same storage pool as its
parent.  (Defect Report 8652/0012, Technical Corrigendum 3.10(7/1)).

C3A0016

Check that a constant access-to-variable value can be used to
modify the designated object.

C3A0017

Check that an anonymous access type can be an access-to-subprogram
type, and that it can be called with an appropriate profile.

C3A0018

Check that an anonymous access type can be an access-to-protected
subprogram type, and that it can be called with an appropriate profile.

C3A0019

Check that Constraint_Error is raised when a null access value is
converted to a null excluding subtype of a named access type.
Case A: null_exclusion given at point of use of a general access type.

Check that a null_exclusion can be given in a subtype_indication,
discriminant_specification, parameter_specification, function result
subtype, and formal_object_declaration if the subtype_mark is a
general access subtype that does not exclude null.

C3A0020

Check that Constraint_Error is raised when a null access value is
converted to a null excluding subtype of a named access type.
Case B: null_exclusion given in a subtype of a general access type.

C3A0021

Check that Constraint_Error is raised when a null access value is
converted to a null excluding subtype of a named access type.
Case C: null_exclusion given in a general access type definition.

C3A0022

Check that Constraint_Error is raised when a null access value is
converted to a null excluding subtype of a named access type.
Case D: null_exclusion given at point of use of a pool-specific
access type.

Check that a null_exclusion can be given in a subtype_indication,
discriminant_specification, parameter_specification, function result
subtype, and formal_object_declaration if the subtype_mark is a
pool-specific access subtype that does not exclude null.

C3A0023

Check that Constraint_Error is raised when a null access value is
converted to a null excluding subtype of a named access type.
Case E: null_exclusion given in a subtype of a pool-specific access
type.

C3A0024

Check that Constraint_Error is raised when a null access value is
converted to a null excluding subtype of a named access type.
Case F: null_exclusion given in a pool-specific access type definition.

C3A0025

Check that Constraint_Error is raised when a null access value is
converted to a null excluding anonymous access-to-object type.

C3A0026

Check that Constraint_Error is raised when a null access value is
converted to a null excluding anonymous access-to-subprogram type.

C3A0027

Check that Constraint_Error is raised when a null access value is
converted to a null excluding anonymous access-to-protected-subprogram
type.

C3A0028

Check that Constraint_Error is raised when a null access value is
converted to a null excluding subtype of a named access-to-subprogram
type. Case A: null_exclusion given at point of use of the access-
to-normal-subprogram type.

Check that a null_exclusion can be given in a subtype_indication,
discriminant_specification, parameter_specification, function result
subtype, and formal_object_declaration if the subtype_mark is a
access-to-subprogram subtype that does not exclude null.

C3A0029

Check that Constraint_Error is raised when a null access value is
converted to a null excluding subtype of a named access-to-subprogram
type. Case B: null_exclusion given at point of use of the access-
to-protected-subprogram type.

Check that a null_exclusion can be given in a subtype_indication,
discriminant_specification, parameter_specification, function result
subtype, and formal_object_declaration if the subtype_mark is a
access-to-protected-subprogram subtype that does not exclude null.

C3A0030

Check that an access discriminant only is null excluding when a null exclusion
is given.

C3A1001

Check that the full type completing a type with no discriminant part or
an unknown discriminant part may have explicitly declared or inherited
discriminants. Check for cases where the types are records and
protected types.

C3A1002

Check that the full type completing a type with no discriminant part or
an unknown discriminant part may have explicitly declared or inherited
discriminants. Check for cases where the types are tagged records and
task types.

C3A1003

Check that a dereference of an access-to-tagged-incomplete type can
be passed directly as a parameter.

Check that the name of a tagged incomplete view can be used as the
prefix of 'Class when that is used in a parameter context allowed for
a tagged incomplete view.

C3A1004

Check that a parameter of a tagged incomplete type can
be passed directly as a parameter.

Check that the name of a tagged incomplete view can be used as the
subtype_mark of a parameter in a subprogram_body.

Check that the name of a tagged incomplete view can be used as the
prefix of 'Class when that is used in a parameter context allowed for
a tagged incomplete view.

C3A2001

Check that an access type may be defined to designate the class-wide
type of an abstract type.  Check that the access type may then be used
subsequently with types derived from the abstract type.  Check that
dispatching operations dispatch correctly, when called using values
designated by objects of the access type.

C3A2002

Check that, for X'Access of a general access type A, Program_Error is
raised if the accessibility level of X is deeper than that of A. Check
for the case where X denotes a view that is a dereference of an access
parameter, or a rename thereof.  Check for cases where the actual
corresponding to X is: (a) An allocator. (b) An expression of a named
access type. (c) Obj'Access.

C3A2003

Check that, for X'Access of a general access type A, Program_Error is
raised if the accessibility level of X is deeper than that of A. Check
for the case where X denotes a view that is a dereference of an access
parameter, or a rename thereof. Check for the case where X is an access
parameter and the corresponding actual is another access  parameter.

C3A2004

Check that the type of the prefix of X'Access is used to resolve
the expected type (both for X as an object and as a subprogram).

C3A2A01

Check that, for X'Access of a general access type A, Program_Error is
raised if the accessibility level of X is deeper than that of A. Check
for cases where X'Access occurs in an instance body, and A is passed as
an actual during instantiation.

C3A2A02

Check that, for X'Access of a general access type A, Program_Error is
raised if the accessibility level of X is deeper than that of A. Check
for cases where X'Access occurs in an instance body, and A is a type
either declared inside the instance, or declared outside the instance
but not passed as an actual during instantiation.

C410001

Check that evaluating an access to subprogram variable containing the
value null causes the exception Constraint_Error. Check that the
default value for objects of access to subprogram types is null.

C413001

Check that for the prefixed view L.R, if L represents an object or value
of a tagged type T, that R may represent a subprogram with a first
parameter of the type T that is declared immediately in the declarative
region of an ancestor of T.

Check that for the prefixed view L.R, if L represents an object or value
of a tagged type T, that R may represent a subprogram with a first
parameter of a classwide type that covers T that is declared immediately
in the declarative region of an ancestor of T.

C413002

Check that for the prefixed view L.R, if L represents an object or value
of an access type designating a tagged type T, that R may represent a
subprogram with a first parameter of the type T that is declared
immediately in the declarative region of an ancestor of T.

Check that for the prefixed view L.R, if L represents an object or value
of an access type designating a tagged type T, that R may represent a
subprogram with a first parameter of a classwide type that covers T
that is declared immediately in the declarative region of an ancestor
of T.

C413003

Check that for the prefixed view L.R, if L represents an object or value
of a tagged type T, that R may represent a subprogram with a first
access parameter that designates T that is declared immediately in
the declarative region of an ancestor of T.

Check that for the prefixed view L.R, if L represents an object or value
of a tagged type T, that R may represent a subprogram with a first
access parameter of a classwide type that covers T that is declared immediately
in the declarative region of an ancestor of T.

C413004

Check that for the prefixed view L.R, if L represents an object or value
of an access type that designates a tagged type T, that R may represent
a subprogram with a first access parameter that designates T that is
declared immediately in the declarative region of an ancestor of T.

Check that for the prefixed view L.R, if L represents an object or value
of an access type that designates a tagged type T, that R may represent
a subprogram with a first access parameter that designates a
classwide type that covers T that is declared immediately
in the declarative region of an ancestor of T.

C413005

Check that a prefixed view is the name of a subprogram (with the first
parameter omitted from the profile) that can be renamed and passed as
a generic formal parameter.

C413006

Check that if X denotes a task object, an entry call of the form
X.E is permitted.

C413007

Check that for the reference L.R, if L represents an object or value of
an access type designating a tagged type T with the value null, and R
represents an appropriate subprogram for a prefixed view, that
Constraint_Error is raised when the name L.R is evaluated.

C415001

Check that the reference_object_name is evaluated by the evaluation of
a generalized reference and that Constraint_Error is raised by a
generalized reference whose value is null.

Check that a generalized reference denotes the object denoted by the
value of the reference discriminant.

Check that the object designated by a generalized reference can be
modified if the discriminant has an access-to-variable type.

C416A01

Check that the name specified for a Constant_Indexing or
Variable_Indexing aspect can refer to a set of overloaded functions.
(Case A: overloaded on parameters)

Check that the name specified for a Constant_Indexing or
Variable_Indexing aspect can refer to a function with more than
two parameters.

When both Constant_Indexing and Variable_Indexing are both specified,
check that when the prefix is a variable, the variable indexing function
is called in variable contexts, and the constant indexing function
is called in other contexts.

C416A02

Check that the name specified for a Constant_Indexing or
Variable_Indexing aspect can refer to a set of overloaded functions.
(Case B: overloaded on result types)

Check that if a function used by an inherited Constant_Indexing or
Variable_Indexing is overloaded (with a different profile), the
overloaded function can be called by a generalized indexing.

Check that if a function used by an inherited Constant_Indexing or
Variable_Indexing is overridden, the overridden function is called
by a generalized indexing.

Check that a generalized indexing can be used for an object of a derived
type that inherits the Constant_Indexing or Variable_Indexing aspect
from its parent type.

C420001

Check that if the index subtype of a string type is a modular subtype
whose lower bound is zero, then the evaluation of a null string_literal
raises Constraint_Error. This was confirmed by AI95-00138.

C431001

Check that a record aggregate can be given for a nonprivate, nonlimited
record extension and that the tag of the aggregate  values are
initialized to the tag of the record extension.

C431002

Check that a component association of others => <> in a record or
extension aggregate may have any number of associated components,
including none. (Case 2: Null records and extensions.)

Check that for each association with a <> in a record aggregate, if
the associated component does not have a default expression but the
type does have a Default_Value, the component is initialized by default
to the Default_Value.

C431003

Check that the association in a record aggregate for a discriminant
with a default can be given by <>.

C431004

Check that the association in an extension aggregate for a discriminant
with a default can be given by <>.

C431A01

Check that record aggregates and extension aggregates can
have a limited type.

Check that a component association of others => <> in a record
aggregate or extension aggregate may have any number of associated
components, including none.

Check that a component association in a record aggregate or
extension aggregate with a <> may have two or more associated
components of different types.

C431A02

Check that for each association with a <> in a record aggregate or
extension aggregate, if the associated component has a default
expression, that expression is used and not the default
initialization of the type of the component.

Check that for each association with a <> in a record aggregate or
extension aggregate, if the associated component does not have a
default expression, the component is initialized by default.

C431A03

Check that if a <> in a record or extension aggregate has
multiple associated components with the same type and
default expression, the default expression is evaluated for
each one.

C432001

Check that extension aggregates may be used to specify values for
types that are record extensions. Check that the type of the ancestor
expression may be any nonlimited type that is a record extension,
including private types and private extensions. Check that the type
for the aggregate is derived from the type of the ancestor
expression.

C432002

Check that if an extension aggregate specifies a value for a record
extension and the ancestor expression has discriminants that are
inherited by the record extension, then a check is made that each
discriminant has the value specified.  Check that if an extension
aggregate specifies a value for a record  extension and the ancestor
expression has discriminants that are not inherited by the record
extension, then a check is made that each such discriminant has the
value specified for the corresponding discriminant.  Check that the
corresponding discriminant value may be specified in the record
component association list or in the derived type definition for an
ancestor.  Check the case of ancestors that are several generations
removed. Check the case where the value of the discriminant(s) in
question is supplied several generations removed.  Check the case of
multiple discriminants.  Check that Constraint_Error is raised if the
check fails.

C432003

Check that if the type of the ancestor part of an extension aggregate
has discriminants that are not inherited by the type of the aggregate,
and the ancestor part is a subtype mark that denotes a constrained
subtype, Constraint_Error is raised if: 1) any discriminant of the
ancestor has a different value than that specified for a corresponding
discriminant in the derived type definition for some ancestor of the
type of the aggregate, or 2) the value for the discriminant in the
record association list is not the value of the corresponding
discriminant.  Check that the components of the value of the aggregate
not given by the record component association list are initialized by
default as for an object of the ancestor type.

C432004

Check that the type of an extension aggregate may be derived from the
type of the ancestor part through multiple record extensions. Check for
ancestor parts that are subtype marks. Check that the type of the
ancestor part may be abstract.

C432005

Check that the ancestor expression type in an extension aggregate can
be limited.

Check that the ancestor subtype mark in an extension aggregate can be
limited.

C433001

Check that an others choice is allowed in an array aggregate whose
applicable index constraint is dynamic. (This was an extension to
Ada 83). Check that index choices are within the applicable index
constraint for array aggregates with others choices.

C433002

Check that index choices are within the applicable index
constraint for array aggregates with others choices. (Case 2: <>
components.)

C433003

Check that for each association with a <> in an array aggregate, the
component is initialized by default. (Scalar types with Default_Values.)

C433004

Check that for each association with a <> in an array aggregate, the
component is initialized by default. (Array types with
Default_Component_Values.)

C433005

Check that the constraint of the constrained array subtype of a function
return is used to determine the bounds of an array aggregate with an
others choice in the expression of a return statement.

C433006

Check that the constraint of the constrained array subtype of a function
return is used to determine the bounds of an array aggregate with an
others choice in the return expression of an expression function.

C433007

Check that an aggregate with an others choice can be assigned into
an array variable, even if the nominal subtype of the variable is
unconstrained.

C433008

Check that the constraint of the applicable index constraint of a
conditional_expression is used to determine the bounds of the body
expression array aggregate with an others choice.

C433A01

Check that the array component expressions in an array aggregate
may have a limited type. (One-dimensional arrays.)

Check that for each association with a <> in an array aggregate,
the component is initialized by default. (Task types, protected
types, limited record types, for one-dimensional arrays.)

C433A02

Check that the array component expressions in an array aggregate
may have a limited type. (Two-dimensional arrays.)

Check that for each association with a <> in an array aggregate,
the component is initialized by default. (Task types, protected
types, limited record types, for two-dimensional arrays.)

C433A03

Check that for a <> in an array aggregate with multiple associated
components, each associated component is default initialized
individually.

C433A04

Check that for each association with a <> in an array aggregate, the
component is initialized by default. (Non-limited cases.)

C450001

Check that operations on modular types perform correctly.  Check that
loops over the range of a modular type do not over or under run the
loop.

C452001

For a type extension, check that predefined equality is defined in
terms of the primitive equals operator of the parent type and any
tagged components of the extension part.

For other composite types, check that the primitive equality operator
of any matching record components is used to determine equality of the
enclosing type.

For private types, check that predefined equality is defined in
terms of the user-defined (primitive) operator of the full type if
the full type is a record type. The partial view of the type may be
tagged or untagged. Check that predefined equality for a private
type whose full view is an untagged nonrecord type is defined in terms
of the predefined equality operator of its full type.

C452002

Check that Ada 2012 memberships can be resolved even when there are
many choices that are overloaded.

C452003

For a membership where the membership choice is a subtype (determining
the tested type) which is a (named) general access-to-object type
designating a tagged type, check that the membership returns False
unless all of the below are true:
(1) the type of the tested expression is convertible to the tested type;
(2) the accessibility level of the tested expression is no deeper than
    that of the tested type;
(3) if the tested expression is not null, the tag of the designated
    object is covered by the designated type of the tested type;
(4) if the tested subtype excludes null, the tested expression is not
    null.

C452004

Check that for a membership test with multiple choices, the tested
expression is evaluated first, and then the choices are evaluated
in order.

Check that for a membership test with multiple choices, choices after
the first individual membership test that evaluates True are not
evaluated.

Check that an individual membership test that is an expression of an
untagged record yields True if the primitive equals for the type yields
True, and False otherwise.

C452005

Check that an individual membership test that is an expression of a
limited array type yields True if the primitive equals for the type yields
True, and False otherwise.

Check that an individual membership test that is an expression of a
nonlimited array type yields True if the predefined equals for the type yields
True, and False otherwise.

C452006

Check that an individual membership test that is an expression of an
access type yields True if the predefined equals for the type
yields True, and False otherwise.

C452A01

Check that the "=" operator of a language-defined nonlimited private
type is used in the equality for a record type containing a component of
the type. Part 1: Core types.

C452A02

Check that "=" for all language-defined nonlimited private types
behaves as if it is predefined for composition and for
formal types - Part 2: Types from the Ada.Strings subsystem.

C452A03

Check that "=" for all language-defined nonlimited private types
behaves as if it is predefined for composition and for
formal types - Part 3: Annex C types.



C453001

Check that overflow checking is not performed for adding operators of
modular types.

C455001

Check that universal fixed multiplying operators can be used without
a conversion in contexts where the result type is determined.

C456001

For exponentiation of floating point types, check that
Constraint_Error is raised (or, if no exception is raised and
Machine_Overflows is False, that a result is produced) if the
result is outside of the range of the base type.

C457001

Check that for the evaluation of a non-boolean if expression,
the condition specified after if, and any conditions specified
after elsif, are evaluated in succession, until one evaluates to true.

Check that result of a non-boolean if expression is the result of
evaluating the dependent expression corresponding to the condition that
evaluates to True.

C457002

Check that for the evaluation of a boolean if expression, the condition
specified after if, and any conditions specified after elsif, are
evaluated in succession, until one evaluates to True or all conditions
are evaluated and yield False.

Check that result of a boolean if expression is the result of
evaluating the dependent expression corresponding to the condition that
evaluates to True; or True if all of the conditions evaluate to False.

C457003

Check that result of a case expression is the result of
evaluating the dependent expression of the case expression alternative
whose discrete choice list covers the selecting expression.

Check that only one dependent expression is evaluated for each
evaluation of a case expression.

Check that if the value of the selecting expression is not covered by
the discrete choice list of any case expression alternative, then
Constraint_Error is raised.

C457004

Check that the selecting_expression of a case statement can be resolved
if it is an overloaded function call, of which exactly one has a discrete
type.

C457005

If the selecting expression of a case expression is a name with a static
nominal subtype and has a static predicate, the case statement does not
have an others choice, and the static predicate is disabled, then
Constraint_Error is raised if the value of the selecting expression
does not satisfy the predicate.

If the selecting expression of a case expression is a name with a static
nominal subtype and has a static predicate, the case statement has an
others choice, and the static predicate is disabled, then the statements
associated with the others choice are executed if the value of the
selecting expression does not satisfy the predicate.

C457006

Check that overloaded functions can be resolved when they appear as
dependent expressions in a conditional expression. Part 1: Enumeration
literals.

C457007

Check that literals can be resolved when they appear as
dependent expressions in a conditional expression.

C458001

Check that the predicate of a quantified expression is evaluated in
the order specified by the loop_parameter_specification.

Check that result of a quantified expression with a
loop_parameter_specification is True if the predicate is True for
all values if the quantifier is all and any value if the quantifier
is some, and is False otherwise.

Check that evaluation of predicates of a quantified expression with
a loop_parameter_specification stops when the result is determined,
and no extra evaluations occur.

C458002

(A) Check that the predicate of a quantified expression is evaluated in
    the order specified by an array component iterator specification.

(B) Check that result of a quantified expression with an
    array component iterator specification is True if the predicate is
    True for all values if the quantifier is all and any value if the
    quantifier is some, and is False otherwise.

(C) Check that evaluation of predicates of a quantified expression with
    an array component iterator specification stops when the result is
    determined, and no extra evaluations occur.

(D) Check that if the quantifier is all, the result of a quantified
    expression is True if there are no values in the domain.

(E) Check that if the quantifier is some, the result of a quantified
    expression is False if there are no values in the domain.

(F) Check that any exceptions propagated by the predicate of a
    quantified expression with a quantifier of all is propagated by the
    quantified expression.

(G) Check that any exceptions propagated by the predicate of a
    quantified expression with a quantifier of some is propagated by the
    quantified expression.

C458003

(A) Check that result of a quantified expression with a
    loop_parameter_specification is True if the predicate is True for
    all values if the quantifier is all and any value if the quantifier
    is some, and is False otherwise. (False result cases).

(B) Check that if the quantifier is all, the result of a quantified
    expression is True if there are no values in the domain.

(C) Check that if the quantifier is some, the result of a quantified
    expression is False if there are no values in the domain.

(D) Check that any exceptions propagated by the predicate of a
    quantified expression with a quantifier of all is propagated by the
    quantified expression.

(E) Check that any exceptions propagated by the predicate of a
    quantified expression with a quantifier of some is propagated by the
    quantified expression.

C458A01

(A) Check that the predicate of a quantified expression is evaluated in
    the order specified by the generalized iterator.

(B) Check that result of a quantified expression with a
    generalized iterator is True if the predicate is True for
    all values if the quantifier is all and any value if the quantifier
    is some, and is False otherwise.

(C) Check that evaluation of predicates of a quantified expression with
    a generalized iterator stops when the result is determined,
    and no extra evaluations occur.

(D) Check that if the quantifier is all, the result of a quantified
    expression is True if there are no values in the domain.

(E) Check that if the quantifier is some, the result of a quantified
    expression is False if there are no values in the domain.

(F) Check that any exceptions propagated by the predicate of a
    quantified expression with a quantifier of all is propagated by the
    quantified expression.

(G) Check that any exceptions propagated by the predicate of a
    quantified expression with a quantifier of some is propagated by the
    quantified expression.

C458A02

(A) Check that the predicate of a quantified expression is evaluated in
    the order specified by the container element iterator.

(B) Check that result of a quantified expression with a
    container element iterator is True if the predicate is True for
    all values if the quantifier is all and any value if the quantifier
    is some, and is False otherwise.

(C) Check that evaluation of predicates of a quantified expression with
    a container element iterator stops when the result is determined,
    and no extra evaluations occur.

(D) Check that if the quantifier is all, the result of a quantified
    expression is True if there are no values in the domain.

(E) Check that if the quantifier is some, the result of a quantified
    expression is False if there are no values in the domain.

(F) Check that any exceptions propagated by the predicate of a
    quantified expression with a quantifier of all is propagated by the
    quantified expression.

(G) Check that any exceptions propagated by the predicate of a
    quantified expression with a quantifier of some is propagated by the
    quantified expression.

C460001

Check that if the target type of a type conversion is a general access
type, Program_Error is raised if the accessibility level of the operand
type is deeper than that of the target type. Check for the case where
the operand is an access parameter.  Check for cases where the actual
corresponding to the access parameter is: (a) An allocator. (b) An
expression of a named access type. (c) Obj'Access.

C460002

Check that if the target type of a type conversion is a general access
type, Program_Error is raised if the accessibility level of the operand
type is deeper than that of the target type. Check for the case where
the operand is an access parameter, and the actual corresponding to the
access parameter is another access parameter.

C460004

Check that if the operand type of a type conversion is class-wide,
Constraint_Error is raised if the tag of the operand does not identify
a specific type that is covered by or descended from the target type.

C460005

Check that, for a view conversion of a tagged type that is the left
side of an assignment statement, the assignment assigns to the
corresponding part of the object denoted by the operand.

C460006

Check that a view conversion to a tagged type is permitted in the
prefix of a selected component, an object renaming declaration, and
(if the operand is a variable) on the left side of an assignment
statement. Check that such a renaming or assignment does not change
the tag of the operand.  Check that, for a view conversion of a tagged
type, each nondiscriminant component of the new view denotes the
matching component of the operand object. Check that reading the value
of the view yields the result of converting the value of the operand
object to the target subtype.

C460007

Check that, in a numeric type conversion, if the target type is an
integer type and the operand type is real, the result is rounded to the
nearest integer, and away from zero if the result is exactly halfway
between two integers. Check for static and non-static type
conversions.

C460008

Check that conversion to a modular type raises Constraint_Error when
the operand value is outside the base range of the modular type.

C460009

Check that Constraint_Error is raised in cases of null arrays when: 1.
an assignment is made to a null array if the length of each dimension
of the operand does not match the length of  the corresponding
dimension of the target subtype. 2.  an array actual parameter does not
match the length of corresponding dimensions of the formal in out
parameter where the actual parameter has the form of a type
conversion.      3.  an array actual parameter does not match the
length of corresponding dimensions of the formal out parameter where
the actual parameter has the form of a type conversion.

C460010

Check that, for an array aggregate without an others choice assigned to
an object of a constrained array subtype, Constraint_Error is not
raised if the length of each dimension of the aggregate equals the
length of the corresponding dimension of the target object, even if the
bounds of the corresponding index ranges do not match.

C460011

Check that conversion of a decimal type to a modular type raises
Constraint_Error when the operand value is outside the base range
of the modular type.
Check that a conversion of a decimal type to an integer type
rounds correctly.

C460012

Check that the view created by a view conversion is constrained if the
target subtype is indefinite.  (Defect Report 8652/0017, Technical
Corrigendum 4.6(54/1)).

C460013

Check that if the target subtype excludes null, the value is not
null. Check access parameters, which null-excluding if:
  (1) not null is given in their definition; or
  (2) the access parameter is controlling.

C460014

Check that if the operand type of a type conversion is
access-to-class-wide, Constraint_Error is raised if the tag of the
object designated by the operand does not identify a specific type
that is covered by or descended from the target type.

C460A01

Check that if the target type of a type conversion is a general access
type, Program_Error is raised if the accessibility level of the operand
type is deeper than that of the target type. Check for cases where the
type conversion occurs in an instance body, and the operand type is
passed as an actual during instantiation.

C460A02

Check that if the target type of a type conversion is a general access
type, Program_Error is raised if the accessibility level of the operand
type is deeper than that of the target type. Check for cases where the
type conversion occurs in an instance body, and the operand type is
declared inside the instance or is the anonymous access type of an
access parameter or access discriminant.

C470001

Check that a qualified expression is a name, and thus can be used:
   * as the prefix of indexing;
   * as the prefix of a slice;
   * as the prefix of selection;
   * as the prefix of a dereference;
   * as the prefix of an attribute;
   * as renamed entity in an object renaming.

C480001

If the designated type of an initialized allocator is class-wide,
check that Program_Error is raised if the master of the type of the
tag of the value of the qualified expression of the allocator does
not include the elaboration of the type of the allocator. Case 1:
Nested subprograms.

C490001

Check that, for a real static expression that is not part of a larger
static expression, and whose expected type T is a floating point type
that is not a descendant of a formal scalar type, the value is rounded
to the nearest machine number of T if T'Machine_Rounds is true, and is
truncated otherwise. Check that if rounding is performed, and the value
is exactly halfway between two machine numbers, the rounding is
performed away from zero.

C490002

Check that, for a real static expression that is not part of a larger
static expression, and whose expected type T is an ordinary fixed point
type that is not a descendant of a formal scalar type, the value is
rounded to the nearest integral multiple of the small of T if
T'Machine_Rounds is true, and is truncated otherwise. Check that if
rounding is performed, and the value is exactly halfway between two
multiples of the small, the rounding is performed away from zero.

C490003

Check that a static expression is legal if its evaluation fails no
language-defined check other than Overflow_Check. Check that such a
static expression is legal if it is part of a larger static expression,
even if its value is outside the base range of the expected type.
Check that if a static expression is part of the right operand of a
short circuit control form whose value is determined by its left
operand, it is not evaluated.  Check that a static expression in a
non-static context is evaluated exactly.

C540001

Check that an expression in a case statement may be of a generic formal
type.  Check that a function call may be used as a case statement
expression.  Check that a call to a generic formal function may be
used as a case statement expression.  Check that a call to an inherited
function may be used as a case statement expression even if its result
type does not correspond to any nameable subtype.

C540002

Check that the selecting_expression of a case statement can be resolved
if it is an overloaded function call, of which exactly one has a discrete
type.

C540003

If the selecting expression of a case statement is a name with a static
nominal subtype and has a static predicate, the case statement does not
have an others choice, and the static predicate is disabled, then
Constraint_Error is raised if the value of the selecting expression
does not satisfy the predicate.

If the selecting expression of a case statement is a name with a static
nominal subtype and has a static predicate, the case statement has an
others choice, and the static predicate is disabled, then the statements
associated with the others choice are executed if the value of the
selecting expression does not satisfy the predicate.

C550001

Check that the loop parameter is assigned only values that satisfy the
predicate, in ascending order for a normal for loop and the loop body
is executed once for each value when the subtype has a static predicate.

Check that the loop parameter is assigned only values that satisfy the
predicate, in descending order for a reverse for loop and the loop body
is executed once for each value when the subtype has a static predicate.

C552001

Check correct operation of array component iterators:
   (A) Check that the loop parameter of an array component
       iterator can be assigned if the array object is a variable view.
   (B) Check that the execution of an array component iterator is
       immediately complete if the array is a null array.
   (C) Check that a forward array component iterator visits each
       component of a one-dimensional array exactly once, in the order of
       index values (first to last).
   (D) Check that a forward array component iterator for a
       two-dimensional array visits each component in canonical order,
       with the last dimension varying fastest.
   (E) Check that a forward array component iterator for a
       three-dimensional array visits each component in canonical order,
       with the last dimension varying fastest, and the middle dimension
       varying the next fastest.
   (F) Check that a reverse array component iterator visits each
       component of a one-dimensional array exactly once, in the reverse
       order of index values (last to first).
   (G) Check that a reverse array component iterator for a
       two-dimensional array visits each component in canonical order,
       with the last dimension varying fastest.
   (H) Check that the iterable_name of an array component iterator is
       evaluated exactly once at the start of the loop.

C552002

Check correct operation of array component iterators when the array
has convention Fortran:
   (A) Check that a forward array component iterator for a
       two-dimensional array in Fortran convention visits each component
       in canonical order, with the first dimension varying fastest.
   (B) Check that a reverse array component iterator for a
       two-dimensional array in Fortran convention visits each component
       in canonical order, with the first dimension varying fastest.

C552A01

Check correct operation of generalized iterators:
   (A) Check that the iterator_name of a generalized iterator is evaluated
       exactly once at the start of the loop.
   (B) Check that the execution of a forward generalized iterator calls
       First initially, then Next until Has_Element returns False
       (assuming no transfer of control), executing the sequence of
       statements each time.
   (C) Check that the execution of a forward generalized iterator calls
       First initially, then Next until the loop is left by a transfer of
       control, executing the sequence of statements each time.
   (D) Check that the execution of a forward generalized iterator never
       iterates or calls Next if Has_Element is initially False.
   (E) Check that the execution of a forward generalized iterator for
       a reversible iterator type never calls Last or Previous.
   (F) Check that the execution of a reverse generalized iterator calls
       Last initially, then Previous until Has_Element returns False
       (assuming no transfer of control), executing the sequence of
       statements each time.
   (G) Check that the execution of a reverse generalized iterator calls
       Last initially, then Previous until the loop is left by a transfer of
       control, executing the sequence of statements each time.
   (H) Check that the execution of a reverse generalized iterator never
       iterates or calls Previous if Has_Element is initially False.
   (I) Check that the execution of a reverse generalized iterator never
       calls First or Next.

C552A02

Check correct operation of container element iterators:
   (A) Check that the iterable_name of a container element iterator is
       evaluated exactly once at the start of the loop, followed by a
       exactly one call on the default iterator function.
   (B) Check that the execution of a forward container element iterator
       calls First initially, then Next until Has_Element returns False
       (assuming no transfer of control), executing the sequence of
       statements each time.
   (C) Check that the execution of a forward container element iterator
       calls First initially, then Next until the loop is left by a
       transfer of control, executing the sequence of statements each
       time.
   (D) Check that the execution of a forward container element iterator
       never iterates or calls Next if Has_Element is initially False.
   (E) Check that the execution of a forward container element iterator
       for a reversible iterator type never calls Last or Previous.
   (F) Check that the execution of a reverse container element iterator
       calls Last initially, then Previous until Has_Element returns False
       (assuming no transfer of control), executing the sequence of
       statements each time.
   (G) Check that the execution of a reverse container element iterator
       calls Last initially, then Previous until the loop is left by a
       transfer of control, executing the sequence of statements each
       time.
   (H) Check that the execution of a reverse container element iterator
       never iterates or calls Previous if Has_Element is initially False.
   (I) Check that the execution of a reverse container element iterator
       never calls First or Next.
   (J) Check that the default variable indexing of the container type is
       evaluated once per iteration of the loop for a container element
       iterator when the container is a variable view and the
       Variable_Indexing aspect was specified for the container type.
   (K) Check that the default constant indexing of the container type is
       evaluated once per iteration of the loop for a container element
       iterator when the container is a constant view.
   (L) Check that the loop parameter of a container element iterator
       denotes the default variable indexing using the current cursor of
       the container if the container object is a variable view and the
       Variable_Indexing aspect was specified for the container type,
       and that this loop parameter can be assigned.
   (M) Check that the loop parameter of a container element iterator
       denotes the default constant indexing using the current cursor of
       the container if the container object is a constant view or the
       Variable_Indexing aspect was not specified for the container type.

C611001

Check that pre- and post-conditions are checked before and after
each call.

C611A01

Check that if all applicable class-wide preconditions evaluated to False,
Assertion_Error is raised even if an enabled specific precondition of
S evaluates to True.

Check that an enabled specific precondition of a subprogram S raises
Assertion_Error if it evaluates to False, even if a class-wide
precondition for S evaluated to True.

Check that if any applicable class-wide postcondition evaluates to False,
Assertion_Error is raised even if an enabled specific postcondition of S
evaluates to True.

Check that if an enabled specific postcondition valuates to False,
Assertion_Error is raised even if all enabled applicable class-wide
postconditions of S evaluate to True.

C611A02

For a dispatching call, check that the specific precondition and
specific postcondition evaluated is that of the actual body invoked.

For a call on a subprogram S whose implementation is inherited from the
primitive subprogram A of an ancestor, check that the specific
precondition and specific postcondition that applies to A is checked
for a call on S.

Check that an enabled specific precondition of a subprogram S is
evaluated after evaluating the parameters of a call on S and before S is
called, and that Assertion_Error is raised if the expression evaluates
to False.

Check that an enabled specific postcondition of a subprogram S is
evaluated after completing the subprogram body but before continuing
execution after the call of S, and that Assertion_Error is raised if the
expression evaluates to False.

C611A03

Check that the class-wide precondition of a dispatching call is that
associated with the denoted subprogram, even if the body of a descendant
operation is invoked.

For a nonabstract tagged type T and a primitive subprogram S of T and
that has a class-wide precondition expression E, check that for a call of
S that is statically bound to type T, calls to primitive operations of T
within E invoke the bodies appropriate for T, even if the tag of the
controlling parameter object is not T.

For a nonabstract tagged type T and a primitive subprogram S of T and
that has a class-wide precondition expression E, check that for a
dynamically tagged dispatching call of S, calls to primitive operations
of T within E invoke the bodies appropriate for the controlling tag, even
if it is not T.

For a nonabstract tagged type T and a primitive subprogram S of T and
that has a class-wide postcondition expression E, check that for a call
of S that is statically bound to type T, calls to primitive operations
of T within E invoke the bodies appropriate for T, even if the tag of the
controlling parameter object is not T.

For a nonabstract tagged type T and a primitive subprogram S of T and
that has a class-wide postcondition expression E, check that for a
dynamically tagged dispatching call of S, calls to primitive operations
of T within E invoke the bodies appropriate for the controlling tag, even
if it is not T.

For a dispatching call, check that the class-wide postcondition evaluated
is that of the actual body invoked.

Check that if a subprogram S has multiple applicable class-wide preconditions,
that all such expressions evaluate to False before Assertion_Error is raised.

Check that if multiple enabled class-wide postconditions apply to a
subprogram S, check that they are all evaluated if they all evaluate to
True.

Check that an enabled class-wide postcondition of a subprogram S is
evaluated after completing the subprogram body but before continuing
execution after the call of S, and that Assertion_Error is raised if any
such expression evaluates to False.

Check that an enabled class-wide precondition of a subprogram S is
evaluated after evaluating the parameters of a call on S and before S is
called, and that Assertion_Error is raised if all such expressions
evaluate to False.

C611A04

Check that the class-wide precondition of a dispatching call is that
associated with the denoted subprogram, even if the body of a descendant
operation is invoked.

For a concrete type C derived from an interface type T and a
primitive subprogram S of T that has a class-wide
postcondition expression E, check that for a call of S that is
statically bound to type C, calls to primitive operations of T
within E invoke the bodies appropriate for T, even if the tag of
the controlling parameter object is not C.

For an interface type T and a primitive subprogram S of T
that has a class-wide precondition expression E, check that for a
dynamically tagged dispatching call of S, calls to primitive operations
of T within E invoke the bodies appropriate for the controlling tag, even
if it is not a concrete type derived from T.

For a concrete type C derived from an interface type T and a
primitive subprogram S of T that has a class-wide
postcondition expression E, check that for a call of S that is
statically bound to type C, calls to primitive operations of T
within E invoke the bodies appropriate for T, even if the tag of
the controlling parameter object is not C.

For an interface type T and a primitive subprogram S of T
that has a class-wide postcondition expression E, check that for a
dynamically tagged dispatching call of S, calls to primitive operations
of T within E invoke the bodies appropriate for the controlling tag, even
if it is not a concrete type derived from T.

For a dispatching call, check that the class-wide postcondition evaluated
is that of the actual body invoked.

Check that if multiple enabled class-wide postconditions apply to a
subprogram S, check that they are all evaluated if they all evaluate to
True.

Check that if a subprogram S has multiple applicable class-wide
preconditions, that all such expressions evaluate to False before
Assertion_Error is raised.

Check that an enabled class-wide postcondition of a subprogram S is
evaluated after completing the subprogram body but before continuing
execution after the call of S, and that Assertion_Error is raised if any
such expression evaluates to False.

Check that an enabled class-wide precondition of a subprogram S is
evaluated after evaluating the parameters of a call on S and before S is
called, and that Assertion_Error is raised if all such expressions
evaluate to False.

C611B01

For X'Old given in the postcondition for a subprogram S, check that
X'Old has the same tag as X when X is a parameter P of S, even if the
tag of X is different than the nominal subtype of P (Part 1: Post).

C611B02

For X'Old given in the postcondition for a subprogram S, check that
X'Old has the same tag as X when X is a parameter P of S, even if the
tag of X is different than the nominal subtype of P (Part 2: Post'Class).

C611B03

For X'Old given in the postcondition for a subprogram S, check that
X'Old has the same tag as X when X is a parameter P of S, even if the
tag of X is different than the nominal subtype of P. (Part 3:
Post'Class of an interface)

C620001

Check that elementary parameters are passed by copy.
Part 1: Integer, float, and access types, procedures and functions.

C620002

Check that elementary parameters are passed by copy.
Part 2: Integer, float, and access types, task and protected entries.

C631001

Check that if different forms of a name are used in the default
expression of a discriminant part, the selector may be an operator
symbol or a character literal.

C640001

Check that the prefix of a subprogram call with an actual parameter
part may be an implicit dereference of an access-to-subprogram value.
Check that, for an access-to-subprogram type whose designated profile
contains parameters of a tagged generic formal type, an access-to-
subprogram value may designate dispatching and non-dispatching
operations, and that dereferences of such a value call the appropriate
subprogram.

C640002

Check that an abstract nondispatching operator provides a way
to eliminate an unwanted predefined operator.

C641001

Check that actual parameters passed by reference are view converted to
the nominal subtype of the formal parameter.

C641002

Check that, for an out parameter of a scalar type with a specified
Default_Value, the value of the actual parameter is passed in without any
constraint check.

C641003

Check that, for an out parameter of a scalar type with a specified
Default_Value, the value of the actual parameter is passed in without any
predicate check.

C650002

Check that the completion of a return statement that applies to an
accept statement causes the accept statement to return.

Check that the completion of a return statement that applies to an
entry body causes the entry to return.

C650003

Check that reaching the "end return" of an extended_return_statement
that applies to a function causes the function to return.

Check that a simple return statement in the
handled_sequence_of_statements of an extended_return_statement
completes the extended_return_statement and causes the function to
return.

Check that completing an extended_return_statement that applies to
a function by an exit, goto, or exception propagation does not
cause the function to return.

C650A01

Check that Constraint_Error is raised if the result subtype of the
function is an anonymous access type designating a specific tagged
type and the result value is not null and designates some other
specific type.

C650A02

Check that the tag of the result of a function that returns a
class-wide tagged type with a simple return statement is that of
the return expression. Case A: limited types.

Check that the tag of the result of a function that returns a
class-wide tagged type with an extended return statement whose subtype
indication has a class-wide type is the tag of the initializing
expression. Case A: limited types.

C650B01

Check that the tag of the result of a function that returns a specific
tagged type is that of the function, even if the return expression has
a different tag.

C650B02

Check that the tag of the result of a function that returns a
class-wide tagged type with a simple return statement is that of
the return expression. Case B: non-limited types.

Check that the tag of the result of a function that returns a
class-wide tagged type with an extended return statement whose subtype
indication has a class-wide type is the tag of the initializing
expression. Case B: non-limited types.

C650B03

Check that if the result subtype of a function is class-wide, the
return_subtype_indication of an extended_return_statement given within
it can be any definite specific subtype that is covered by the
class-wide result type.

Check that the tag of the result of a function that returns a class-wide
tagged type with an extended return statement whose subtype indication
has a specific type is the tag of the specific type.

C650B04

Check that Program_Error is raised if the tag identified by the result
object for a function returning a class-wide type has a master that
does not include the elaboration of the master that elaborated the
function body. Case 1: Nested subprograms.

C651001

Check that a nonreturning procedure can propagate an exception to
"return" to the caller. Check that a nonreturning procedure raises
Program_Error if it attempts to return normally. Case 1: pragma
No_Return.

C651002

Check that a nonreturning procedure can propagate an exception to
"return" to the caller. Check that a nonreturning procedure raises
Program_Error if it attempts to return normally. Case 2: aspect
No_Return.

C660001

Check that an explicit declaration of "=" whose result is Boolean
declares a "/=" as well.

Check that a declaration of "/=" implicitly created by the declaration
of "=" with a Boolean result is inherited for a derived type.

C680001

Check that legal uses of an expression function as a completion
work as expected.

C730001

Check that the full view of a private extension may be derived
indirectly from the ancestor type (i.e., the parent type of the full
type may be any descendant of the ancestor type). Check that, for a
primitive subprogram of the private extension that is inherited from
the ancestor type and not overridden, the formal parameter names and
default expressions come from the corresponding primitive subprogram of
the ancestor type, while the body comes from that of the parent type.
Check both dispatching and non-dispatching cases.

C730002

Check that the full view of a private extension may be derived
indirectly from the ancestor type (i.e., the parent type of the full
type may be any descendant of the ancestor type). Check that, for a
primitive subprogram of the private extension that is inherited from
the ancestor type and not overridden, the formal parameter names and
default expressions come from the corresponding primitive subprogram of
the ancestor type, while the body comes from that of the parent type.
Check for a case where the parent type is derived from the ancestor
type through a series of types produced by generic instantiations.
Examine both the static and dynamic binding cases.

C730003

Check that the characteristics of a type derived from a private
extension (outside the scope of the full view) are those defined by
the partial view of the private extension.
In particular, check that a component of the derived type may be
explicitly declared with the same name as a component declared for
the full view of the private extension.
Check that a component defined in the private extension of a type
may be updated through a view conversion of a type derived from
the type.

C730004

Check that for a type declared in a package, descendants of the package
use the full view of type.  Specifically check that full view of the
limited type is visible only in private descendants (children) and in
the private parts and bodies of public descendants (children). Check
that a limited type may be used as an out parameter outside the package
that defines the type.

C730A01

Check that a tagged type declared in a package specification may be
passed as a generic formal (tagged) private type to a generic package
declaration. Check that the formal type may be extended with a private
extension in the generic package.  Check that, in the instance, the
private extension inherits the user-defined primitive subprograms of
the tagged actual.

C730A02

Check that a private extension (declared in a package specification) of
a tagged type (declared in a different package specification) may be
passed as a generic formal (tagged) private type to a generic package
declaration. Check that the formal type may be further extended with a
private extension in the generic package.  Check that the (visible)
components inherited by the "generic" extension are visible outside the
generic package.  Check that, in the instance, the private extension
inherits the user-defined primitive subprograms of the tagged actual,
including those inherited by the actual from its parent.

C731001

Check that inherited operations can be overridden, even when they are
inherited in a body.
The test cases here are inspired by the AARM examples given in
the discussion of AARM-7.3.1(7.a-7.v).
This discussion was confirmed by AI95-00035.

C732001

Check that when the assertion policy requires checks and there is a
view conversion from a type to an ancestor of the type, an invariant
check is performed after assigning to the view conversion and after
a call where the view conversion is an actual for an in out or out
parameter.

C732002

Check differences between specific and class-wide type invariants.

C732A01

Check that Assertion_Error is raised when the policy requires
checks and there is an object for which the invariant check fails,
but not when the invariant check passes - constrained array version.

C732A02

Check that a successful return from a call on a function declared in
the immediate scope of T and visible outside of that scope and that
returns an object with a part of T in the return object, includes
an invariant check for T.

Check that a successful return from a call on a subprogram declared
in the immediate scope of T and visible outside of that scope and that
has in out or out parameters with a part of T, includes an invariant
check for T on those parameters.

C732B01

Check that Assertion_Error is raised when the policy requires
checks and there is an object for which the invariant check fails,
but not when the invariant check passes - discriminated record version.

C732B02

Check that a successful return from a call on a function declared in
the immediate scope of T and visible outside of that scope and that
returns an access-to-object designating T, includes an invariant check
for T on that result.

Check that a successful return from a call on a subprogram declared
in the immediate scope of T and visible outside of that scope and that
has an access-to-object parameter designating T, includes an invariant
check for T on those parameters.

C732C01

Check that Assertion_Error is raised when the policy requires
checks and there is an object for which the invariant check fails,
but not when the invariant check passes - tagged type with unknown
discriminants version.

Check that an invariant check is never applied to a default-initialized
object of a type to which invariant expressions apply whose partial
view has unknown discriminants.

C760001

Check that Initialize is called for objects and components of a
controlled type when the objects and components are not assigned
explicit initial values.  Check this for "simple" controlled objects,
controlled record components and arrays with controlled components.
Check that if an explicit initial value is assigned to an object or
component of a controlled type then Initialize is not called.

C760002

Check that assignment to an object of a (non-limited) controlled type
causes the Adjust operation of the type to be called. Check that Adjust
is called after copying the value of the source expression to the
target object.  Check that Adjust is called for all controlled
components when the containing object is assigned.  (Test this for the
cases where the type of the containing object is controlled and
noncontrolled; test this for initialization as well as assignment
statements.)  Check that for an object of a controlled type with
controlled components, Adjust for each of the components is called
before the containing object is adjusted.  Check that an Adjust
procedure for a Limited_Controlled type is not called by the
implementation.

C760007

Check that Adjust is called for the execution of a return statement for
a function returning a result of a (non-limited) controlled type.
Check that Adjust is called when evaluating an aggregate component
association for a controlled component.  Check that Adjust is called
for the assignment of the ancestor expression of an extension aggregate
when the type of the aggregate is controlled.

C760009

Check that for an extension_aggregate whose ancestor_part is a
subtype_mark (i.e. Typemark'( Subtype with Field => x, etc.) )
Initialize is called on all controlled subcomponents of the ancestor
part; if the type of the ancestor part is itself controlled, the
Initialize procedure of the ancestor type is called, unless that
Initialize procedure is abstract.  Check that the utilization of a
controlled type for a generic actual parameter supports the correct
behavior in the instantiated package.

C760010

Check that explicit calls to Initialize, Adjust and Finalize procedures
that raise exceptions propagate the exception raised, not
Program_Error.  Check this for both a user defined exception and a
language defined exception.  Check that implicit calls to initialize
procedures that raise an exception propagate the exception raised, not
Program_Error;  Check that the utilization of a controlled type as the
actual for a generic formal tagged private parameter supports the
correct behavior in the instantiated software.

C760011

Check that the anonymous objects of a controlled type associated with
function results and aggregates are finalized no later than the end of
the innermost enclosing declarative_item or statement.  Also check this
for function calls and aggregates of a noncontrolled type with
controlled components.

C760012

Check that record components that have per-object access discriminant
constraints are initialized in the order of their component
declarations, and after any components that are not so constrained.
Check that record components that have per-object access discriminant
constraints are finalized in the reverse order of their component
declarations, and before any components that are not so constrained.

C760013

Check that Initialize is not called for default-initialized subcomponents
of the ancestor type of an extension aggregate.  (Defect Report
8652/0021, Technical Corrigendum 7.6(11/1)).

C760014

Check that Ada.Finalization is a declared pure package.

C760015

Check that a controlled type can be declared within a subprogram,
and that an overridden Initialize or Finalize is called appropriately
and can access local variables to the subprogram.

C760A01

Check that no separate anonymous object is used for a limited aggregate
initializing an object.

C760A02

Check that no separate anonymous object is used for a function call
initializing an object of an immutably limited type.

C760A03

Check that no separate anonymous object is used for a call on any expression
function that initializes an object of an immutably limited type.

C761001

Check that controlled objects declared immediately within a library
package are finalized following the completion of the environment task
(and prior to termination of the program).

C761002

Check that objects of a controlled type that are created by an allocator for a
named access type are finalized at the appropriate time. In particular, check
that such objects are not finalized due to completion of the master in which
they were allocated if the corresponding access type is declared outside of
that master. Check that Unchecked_Deallocation of a controlled object causes
finalization of that object.

C761003

Check that an object of a controlled type is finalized when the
enclosing master is complete. Check this for controlled types where the
derived type has a discriminant. Check this for subprograms of abstract
types derived from the types in Ada.Finalization.  Check that
finalization of controlled objects is performed in the correct order.
In particular, check that if multiple objects of controlled types are
declared immediately within the same declarative part then type are
finalized in the reverse order of their creation.

C761004

Check that an object of a controlled type is finalized with the
enclosing master is complete. Check that finalization occurs in the
case where the master is left by a transfer of control. Specifically
check for types where the derived types do not have discriminants.
Check that finalization of controlled objects is  performed in the
correct order.  In particular, check that if  multiple objects of
controlled types are declared immediately  within the same declarative
part then they are finalized in the  reverse order of their creation.

C761005

Check that deriving abstract types from the types in Ada.Finalization
does not negatively impact the implicit operations. Check that an
object of a controlled type is finalized when the enclosing master is
complete. Check that finalization occurs in the case where the master
is left by a transfer of control. Check this for controlled types where
the derived type has a discriminant. Check this for cases where the
type is defined as private,   and the full type is derived from the
types in Ada.Finalization.  Check that finalization of controlled
objects is  performed in the correct order.  In particular, check that
if  multiple objects of controlled types are declared immediately
within the same declarative part then type are finalized in the
reverse order of their creation.

C761006

Check that Program_Error is raised when: * an exception is raised if
Finalize invoked as part of an assignment operation; or * an exception
is raised if Adjust invoked as part of an assignment operation, after
any other adjustment due to be performed are performed; or * an
exception is raised if Finalize invoked as part of a call on
Unchecked_Deallocation, after any other finalizations to be performed
are performed.

C761007

Check that if a finalize procedure invoked by a transfer of control due
to selection of a terminate alternative attempts to propagate an
exception, the exception is ignored, but any other finalizations due to
be performed are performed.

C761010

Check the requirements of the new 7.6.1(20.1/1) from Technical
Corrigendum 1 (originally discussed as AI95-00083).
This new paragraph requires that the initialization of an object with
an aggregate does not involve calls to Adjust.

C761011

Check that if a Finalize propagates an exception, other Finalizes due
to be performed are performed.
    Case 1: A Finalize invoked due to the end of execution of
    a master. (Defect Report 8652/0023, as reflected in Technical
    Corrigendum 1).
    Case 2: A Finalize invoked due to finalization of an anonymous
    object. (Defect Report 8652/0023, as reflected in Technical
    Corrigendum 1).
    Case 3: A Finalize invoked due to the transfer of control
    due to an exit statement.
    Case 4: A Finalize invoked due to the transfer of control
    due to a goto statement.
    Case 5: A Finalize invoked due to the transfer of control
    due to a return statement.
    Case 6: A Finalize invoked due to the transfer of control
    due to raises an exception.

C761012

Check that an anonymous object is finalized with its enclosing master if
a transfer of control or exception occurs prior to performing its normal
finalization.  (Defect Report 8652/0023, as reflected in
Technical Corrigendum 1, 7.6.1(13.1/1)).

C761013

Check that a function call renamed as an object is not finalized until
the unit or block that directly contains the renaming is left.

Check that a renaming of an object is not finalized too soon
(which an object declared at the place of a renaming would be).

C831001

Check that overriding indicators can be given on subprogram
declarations, including null procedure and expression function
declarations, and that they have no effect on the operation of calls.

C840001

Check that, for the type determined by the subtype mark of a use type
clause, the declaration of each primitive operator is use-visible
within the scope of the clause, even if explicit operators with the
same names as the type's operators are declared for the subtype. Check
that a call to such an operator executes the body of the type's
operation.

C840002

Check that the construct "use all type" is correctly implemented.

C851001

Check that when renaming an object that excludes null, the renamed
object still excludes null even if the renaming_declaration does not
include a null_exclusion.

Check that an object renaming with an anonymous access-to-object type
with no null exclusion can rename an object with an anonymous
access-to-object with a matching designated subtype and a null exclusion.

C851002

For an object renaming with an anonymous access type, check that the
name is resolved if there is only one interpretation with a correct
anonymous access type, even if other interpretations exist.

C854001

Check that a subprogram declaration can be completed by a subprogram
renaming declaration. In particular, check that such a renaming-as-body
can be given in a package body to complete a subprogram declared in the
package specification. Check that calls to the subprogram invoke the
body of the renamed subprogram.  Check that a renaming allows a copy of
an inherited or predefined subprogram before overriding it later.
Check that renaming a dispatching  operation calls the correct body in
case of overriding.

C854002

Check the requirements of the new 8.5.4(8.A) from Technical
Corrigendum 1 (originally discussed as AI95-00064).
This paragraph requires an elaboration check on renamings-as-body:
even if the body of the ultimately-called subprogram has been
elaborated, the check should fail if the renaming-as-body
itself has not yet been elaborated.

C854003

Check that a renaming-as-body used before the subprogram is frozen only
requires mode conformance.  (Defect Report 8652/0028, as reflected in
Technical Corrigendum 1, RM95 8.5.4(5/1)).


C910001

Check that tasks may have discriminants.  Specifically, check where the
subtype of the discriminant is a discrete subtype and where it is an
access subtype.  Check the case where the default values of the
discriminants are used.

C910002

Check that the contents of a task object include the values of its
discriminants. Check that selected_component notation can be used to
denote a discriminant of a task.

C910003

Check that task discriminants that have an access subtype may be
dereferenced.

Note that discriminants in Ada 83 never can be dereferenced with
selection or indexing, as they cannot have an access type.

C920001

Check activation (and non-activation) of tasks declared as
(part of) return objects in extended return statements.

C930001

Check when a dependent task and its master both terminate as a result
of a terminate alternative that finalization is performed and that the
finalization is performed in the proper order.

C940001

Check that a protected object provides coordinated access to shared
data.  Check that it can be used to sequence a number of tasks. Use the
protected object to control a single token for which three  tasks
compete.  Check that only one task is running at a time and that all
tasks get a chance to run sometime.

C940002

Check that a protected object provides coordinated access to shared
data.  Check that it can implement a semaphore-like construct using a
parameterless procedure which allows a specific maximum number of tasks
to run and excludes all others

C940004

Check that a protected record can be used to control access to
resources (data internal to the protected record).

C940005

Check that the body of a protected function can have internal calls to
other protected functions and that the body of a protected procedure
can have internal calls to protected procedures and to  protected
functions.

C940006

Check that the body of a protected function can have external calls to
other protected functions and that the body of a protected procedure
can have external calls to protected procedures and to  protected
functions.

C940007

Check that the body of a protected function declared as an object of a
given type can have internal calls to other protected functions and
that a protected procedure in such an object can have internal calls to
protected procedures and to  protected functions.

C940010

Check that if an exception is raised during the execution of an  entry
body it is propagated back to the caller

C940011

Check that, in the body of a protected object created by the execution
of an allocator, external calls to other protected objects via  the
access type are correctly performed

C940012

Check that a protected object can have discriminants

C940013

Check that items queued on a protected entry are handled FIFO and that
the  'count attribute of that entry reflects the length of the queue.

C940014

Check that as part of the finalization of a protected object each call
remaining on an entry queue of the objet is removed from its queue and
Program_Error is raised at the place of the corresponding
entry_call_statement.

C940015

Check that the component_declarations of a protected_operation are
elaborated in the proper order. Check that per-object constraints are
elaborated for each object.

C940016

Check that an Unchecked_Deallocation of a protected object performs the
required finalization on the protected object.

C940017

Check that dispatching calls can be made for subprograms inherited from
a progenator for a protected type and implemented by protected
operations of the type.

C940A03

Check that a protected object provides coordinated access to shared
data.  Check that it can implement a semaphore-like construct
controlling access to shared data through procedure parameters to allow
a specific maximum number of tasks to run and exclude all others.

C950001

Check that primitive procedures of synchronized interfaces with
a Synchronization aspect can be completed by a procedure, protected
procedure or entry as specified, and check correct mutual exclusion.

C951001

Check that two procedures in a protected object will not be  executed
concurrently.

C951002

Check that an entry and a procedure within the same protected object
will not be executed simultaneously.

C953001

Check that if the evaluation of an entry_barrier condition propagates
an exception, the exception Program_Error is propagated to all current
callers of all entries of the protected object.

C953002

Check that the servicing of entry queues of a protected object
continues until there are no open entries with queued calls and that
this takes place as part of a single protected  operation.

C953003

Check that the servicing of entry queues of a protected object
continues until there are no open entries with queued (or  requeued)
calls and that internal requeues are handled  as part of a single
protected operation.

C954001

Check that a requeue statement within an entry_body with parameters may
requeue the entry call to a protected entry with a subtype- conformant
parameter profile. Check that, if the call is queued on the new entry's
queue, the original caller remains blocked after the requeue, but the
entry_body containing the requeue is completed.

C954010

Check that a requeue within an accept statement does not block. This
test uses: Requeue to an entry in a different task Parameterless call
Requeue with abort

C954011

Check that a requeue is placed on the correct entry; that the  original
caller waits for the completion of the requeued rendezvous; that the
original caller continues after the rendezvous. Specifically, this test
checks requeue to an entry in a different task, requeue where the entry
has parameters, and requeue with abort.

C954012

Check a requeue within an accept body to another entry in the same task
Specifically, check a call with parameters and a requeue with abort.

C954013

Check that a requeue is cancelled and that the requeuing task is
unaffected when the calling task is aborted.  Specifically, check
requeue to an entry in a different task, requeue where the entry has
parameters, and requeue with abort.

C954014

Check that a requeue is not canceled and that the requeueing  task is
unaffected when a calling task is aborted. Check that the abort is
deferred until the entry call is complete. Specifically, check requeue
to an entry in a different task, requeue where the entry call has
parameters, and requeue without the abort option.

C954015

Check that requeued calls to task entries may, in turn, be requeued.
Check that the intermediate requeues are not blocked and that the
original caller remains blocked until the last requeue is complete.
This test uses:  Call with parameters Requeue with abort

C954016

Check that when a task that is called by a requeue is aborted, the
original caller receives Tasking_Error and the requeuing task is
unaffected.

C954017

Check that when an exception is raised in the rendezvous of a task
that was called by a requeue the exception is propagated to the
original caller and that the requeuing task is unaffected.

C954018

Check that if a task is aborted while a requeued call is queued  on one
of its entries the original caller receives Tasking_Error and the
requeuing task is unaffected. This test uses: Requeue to an entry in a
different task Parameterless call Requeue with abort

C954019

Check that when a requeue is to the same entry the items go to the
right queue and that they are placed back on the end of the queue.

C954020

Check that a call to a protected entry can be requeued to a task entry.
Check that the requeue is placed on the correct entry; that the
original caller waits for the completion of the requeue and continues
after the requeued rendezvous.  Check that the requeue does not block.
Specifically, check a requeue with abort from a protected entry to an
entry in a task.

C954021

Check that a requeue within a protected entry to an entry in a
different protected object is queued correctly.

C954022

In an entry body requeue the call to the same entry.  Check that the
items go to the right queue and that they are placed back on the end
of the queue

C954023

Check that a requeue within a protected entry to a family of entries
in a different protected object is queued correctly Call with
parameters Requeue with abort

C954024

Check that a call to a protected entry can be requeued to a task entry.
Check that the requeue is placed on the correct entry; that the
original caller waits for the completion of the requeue and continues
after the requeued rendezvous.  Check that the requeue does not block.
Specifically, check a requeue without abort from a protected entry to
an entry in a task.

C954025

Check that if the original entry call was a conditional entry call, the
call is cancelled if a requeue-with-abort of the call is not selected
immediately. Check that if the original entry call was a timed entry
call, the  expiration time for a requeue-with-abort is the original
expiration  time.

C954026

Check that if the original protected entry call was a conditional entry
call, the call is cancelled if a requeue-with-abort of the  call is not
selected immediately. Check that if the original protected entry call
was a timed entry  call, the expiration time for a requeue-with-abort
is the original  expiration time.

C954027

Check requeing to a procedure of a synchronized interface.
Check that the the interface can be implemented by a task or a
protected object.


C954A01

Check that if a task requeued without abort on a protected entry queue
is aborted, the abort is deferred until the entry call completes, after
which the task becomes completed.

C954A02

Check that if a task requeued with abort on a protected entry queue is
aborted, the protected entry call is canceled and the aborted task
becomes completed.

C954A03

Check that a requeue statement in an accept_statement with parameters
may requeue the entry call to a protected entry with no parameters.
Check that, if the call is queued on the new entry's queue, the
original caller remains blocked after the requeue, but the
accept_statement containing the requeue is completed.  Note that this
test uses a requeue "with abort," although it does not check that such
a requeued caller can be aborted; that feature is tested elsewhere.

C960001

Confirm that a simple Delay Until statement is performed.  Check that
the delay does not complete before the requested time and that it does
complete thereafter

C960002

Check that the simple "delay until" when the request time is "now" and
also some time already in the past is obeyed and returns immediately

C960004

With the triggering statement being a delay and with the Asynchronous
Select statement being in a tasking situation complete the abortable
part before the delay expires.  Check that the delay is cancelled  and
that the optional statements in the triggering part are not executed.

C961001

Check that the Image and Value operations of Ada.Calendar.Formatting
operate as expected.

C974001

Check that the abortable part of an asynchronous select statement is
aborted if it does not complete before the triggering statement
completes, where the triggering statement is a delay_relative statement
and check that the sequence of statements of the triggering
alternative is executed after the abortable part is left.

C974002

Check that the sequence of statements of the triggering alternative of
an asynchronous select statement is executed if the triggering
statement is a delay_until statement, and the specified time has
already passed. Check that the abortable part is not executed after the
sequence of statements of the triggering alternative is left.  Check
that the sequence of statements of the triggering alternative of an
asynchronous select statement is not executed if the abortable part
completes before the triggering statement, and the triggering statement
is a delay_until statement.

C974003

Check that the abortable part of an asynchronous select statement is
aborted if it does not complete before the triggering statement
completes, where the triggering statement is a task entry call, and the
entry call is queued.  Check that the sequence of statements of the
triggering alternative is executed after the abortable part is left.

C974004

Check that the abortable part of an asynchronous select statement is
aborted if it does not complete before the triggering statement
completes, where the triggering statement is a task entry call, the
entry call is queued, and the entry call completes by propagating an
exception and that the sequence of statements of the triggering
alternative is not executed after the abortable part is left and that
the exception propagated by the entry call is re-raised immediately
following the asynchronous select.

C974005

Check that Tasking_Error is raised at the point of an entry call which
is the triggering statement of an asynchronous select, if the entry
call is queued, but the task containing the entry completes before it
can be accepted or canceled.  Check that the abortable part is aborted
if it does not complete before the triggering statement completes.
Check that the sequence of statements of the triggering alternative is
not executed.

C974006

Check that the sequence of statements of the triggering alternative of
an asynchronous select statement is executed if the triggering
statement is a protected entry call, and the entry is accepted
immediately. Check that the corresponding entry body is executed before
the sequence of statements of the triggering alternative. Check that
the abortable part is not executed.

C974007

Check that the sequence of statements of the triggering alternative of
an asynchronous select statement is not executed if the triggering
statement is a protected entry call, and the entry is not accepted
before the abortable part completes. Check that execution continues
immediately following the asynchronous select.

C974008

Check that the abortable part of an asynchronous select statement is
not started if the triggering statement is a task entry call, and the
entry call is not queued.  Check that the sequence of statements of the
triggering alternative is executed after the abortable part is left.

C974009

Check that the abortable part of an asynchronous select statement is
not started if the triggering statement is a task entry call,  the
entry call is not queued and the entry call completes by  propagating
an exception.  Check that the exception is properly propagated to the
asynchronous select statement and thus the sequence of statements of
the triggering alternative is not executed after the abortable part is
left.   Check that the exception propagated by the entry call is
re-raised immediately following the asynchronous select.

C974010

Check that the abortable part of an asynchronous select statement is
not started if the triggering statement is a task entry call to a task
that has already terminated.  Check that Tasking_Error is properly
propagated to the asynchronous select statement and thus the sequence
of statements of the triggering alternative is not executed after the
abortable part is left.   Check that Tasking_Error is re-raised
immediately following the  asynchronous select.

C974011

Check that the sequence of statements of the triggering alternative of
an asynchronous select statement is not executed if the triggering
statement is a task entry call and the entry is not accepted before the
abortable part completes.  Check that the call queued on the entry is
cancelled

C974012

Check that the abortable part of an asynchronous select statement is
aborted if it does not complete before the triggering statement
completes, where the triggering statement is a call on a protected
entry which is queued.

C974013

Check that the abortable part of an asynchronous select statement is
aborted if it does not complete before the triggering statement
completes, where the triggering statement is a delay_until statement.
Check that the sequence of statements of the triggering alternative is
executed after the abortable part is left.

C974014

Check that if the triggering alternative of an asynchronous select
statement is a delay and the abortable part completes before the delay
expires then the delay is cancelled and the optional statements in the
triggering part are not performed.  In particular, check the case of
the ATC in non-tasking code.

C980001

Check that when a construct is aborted the execution of an Initialize
procedure as the last step of the default initialization of a
controlled object is abort-deferred.  Check that when a construct is
aborted the execution of a Finalize procedure as part of the
finalization of a controlled object is abort-deferred.  Check that an
assignment operation to an object with a controlled part is an
abort-deferred operation.

C980002

Check that aborts are deferred during protected actions.

C980003

Check that aborts are deferred during the execution of an  Initialize
procedure (as the last step of the default  initialization of a
controlled object), during the execution  of a Finalize procedure (as
part of the finalization of a  controlled object), and during an
assignment operation to an object with a controlled part.

C990001

Check that the prefix of 'Terminated and 'Callable can be:
* A task object (including a function that returns a task object);
* An object which has a named access to a task type;
* An object which has an anonymous named access to a task type;
* A function that returns an object of a named access to a task type;
* A function that returns an object of an anonymous access to a task type.

Check that the 'Callable and 'Terminated attributes return the
correct values.

CA11001

Check that a child unit can be used to provide an alternate view and
operations on a private type in its parent package.  Check that a
child unit can be a package.  Check that a WITH of a child unit
includes an implicit WITH of its ancestor unit.

CA11002

Check that a public child can utilize its parent unit's visible
definitions.

CA11003

Check that a public grandchild can utilize its ancestor unit's visible
definitions.

CA11004

Check that the private part of a child library unit package can utilize
its parent unit's visible definitions.

CA11005

Check that entities and operations declared in a package can be used in
the private part of a child of a child of the package.

CA11006

Check that the private part of a child library unit can utilize its
parent unit's private definition.

CA11007

Check that the private part of a grandchild library unit can utilize
its grandparent unit's private definition.

CA11008

Check that a private child package can use entities declared in the
visible part of its parent unit.

CA11009

Check that a private child package can use entities declared in the
visible part of the parent unit of its parent unit.

CA11010

Check that a private child package can use entities declared in the
private part of its parent unit.

CA11011

Check that a private child package can use entities declared in the
private part of the parent unit of its parent unit.

CA11012

Check that a child package of a library level instantiation of a
generic can be the instantiation of a child package of the generic.
Check that the child instance can use its parent's declarations and
operations, including a formal type of the parent.

CA11013

Check that a child function of a library level instantiation of a
generic can be the instantiation of a child function of the generic.
Check that the child instance can use its parent's declarations and
operations, including a formal subprogram of the  parent.

CA11014

Check that an instantiation of a child package of a generic package can
use its parent's declarations and operations, including a formal
package of the parent.

CA11015

Check that a generic child of a non-generic package can use its
parent's declarations and operations.  Check that the instantiation of
the generic child can correctly use the operations.

CA11016

Check that a child of a non-generic package can be a private generic
package. Check that the private child instance can use its parent's
declarations and operations.  Check that the body of a public child
package can instantiate its sibling private generic package.

CA11017

Check that body of the parent package may depend on one of its own
public children.

CA11018

Check that body of the parent package may depend on one of its own
public generic children.

CA11019

Check that body of the parent package may depend on one of its own
private generic children.

CA11020

Check that body of the generic parent package can depend on one of  its
own public generic children.

CA11021

Check that body of the generic parent package can depend on one of  its
own private generic children.

CA11022

Check that body of a child unit can instantiate its generic sibling.

CA11023

Check that the context clause of a limited view is empty.

Check that types imported from a limited view appear complete
when the library package is visible.

CA11A01

Check that type extended in a public child inherits primitive
operations from its ancestor.

CA11A02

Check that a type extended in a client of a public child inherits
primitive operations from parent.

CA11B01

Check that a type derived in a public child inherits primitive
operations from parent.

CA11B02

Check that a type derived in a client of a public child inherits
primitive operations from parent.

CA11C01

Check that when primitive operations declared in a child package
override operations declared in ancestor packages, a client of the
child package inherits the operations correctly.

CA11C02

Check that primitive operations declared in a child package override
operations declared in ancestor packages, and that operations on
class-wide types defined in the ancestor packages  dispatch as
appropriate to these overriding implementations.

CA11C03

Check that when a child unit is "withed", visibility is obtained to
all ancestor units named in the expanded name of the "withed" child
unit.  Check that when the parent unit is "used", the simple name of  a
"withed" child unit is made directly visible.

CA11D01

Check that a child unit can raise an exception that is declared in
parent.

CA11D02

Check that an exception declared in a package can be raised by a  child
of a child package.  Check that it can be renamed in the  child of the
child package and raised with the correct effect.

CA11D03

Check that an exception declared in a package can be raised by a
client of a child of the package.  Check that it can be renamed in  the
client of the child of the package and raised with the correct
effect.

CA12001

Check that a limited private with clause for a private child of
a package P can be given on the declaration of P.

CA12002

Check that the declaration of a public descendant of a unit L can
mention a private child of L in a private_with_clause.

Check that a public descendant of a public root library unit can be
mentioned in a private_with_clause on any unit.

Check that a name mentioned in a private with clause can be used in
a private part, including those of nested and descendant packages.

Check that a name mentioned in a private with clause can be used in
the visible part of a private descendant, in a body, and in a subunit.

CA13001

Check that a separate protected unit declared in a non-generic child
unit of a private parent have the same visibility into its parent,  its
siblings, and packages on which its parent depends as is available  at
the point of their declaration.

CA13002

Check that two library child units and/or subunits may have the same
simple names if they have distinct expanded names.

CA13003

Check that separate subunits which share an ancestor may have the same
name if they have different fully qualified names.  Check the case of
separate subunits of separate subunits. This test is a change in
semantics from Ada 83 to Ada 9X.

CA13A01

Check that subunits declared in non-generic child units of a public
parent have the same visibility into its parent, its siblings  (public
and private), and packages on which its parent depends  as is available
at the point of their declaration.

CA13A02

Check that subunits declared in generic child units of a public  parent
have the same visibility into its parent, its siblings  (public and
private), and packages on which its parent depends  as is available at
the point of their declaration.

CA14023

Check that a compilation unit may not depend semantically
on two different versions of the same compilation unit.
Check the case where a generic instantiation depends on
a generic function that is changed.

CA14028

Check that when a subprogram body is compiled as a library unit
it is interpreted as a replacement, not a completion for any previous library
subprogram created by generic instantiation.

CA15003

Check the requirements of 10.1.5(4) and the modified 10.1.5(5)
from Technical Corrigendum 1. (Originally discussed as AI95-00136.)
Specifically:
Check that program unit pragma for a generic package are accepted
when given at the beginning of the package specification.
Check that a program unit pragma can be given for a generic
instantiation by placing the pragma immediately after the instantation.

CA20002

Check that a partition can be created even if the environment contains
two units with the same name. (This is rule 10.2(19)).

CA20003

Check that a package that is needed only because it is referenced in a
limited with clause is included in a partition.

CA21001

Check the requirements of the revised 10.2.1(11) from Technical
Corrigendum 1 (originally discussed as AI95-00002).
A package subunit whose parent is a preelaborated subprogram need
not be preelaborable.

CB10002

Check that Storage_Error is raised when storage for allocated objects
is exceeded.

CB20001

Check that exceptions can be handled in accept bodies, and that a task
object that has an exception handled in an accept body is still viable
for future use.

CB20003

Check that exceptions can be raised, reraised, and handled in an
accessed subprogram.

CB20004

Check that exceptions propagate correctly from objects of  protected
types. Check propagation from protected entry bodies.

CB20005

Check that exceptions are raised and properly handled locally in
protected operations.

CB20006

Check that exceptions are raised and properly handled (including
propagation by reraise) in protected operations.

CB20007

Check that exceptions are raised and can be directly propagated to the
calling unit by protected operations.

CB20A02

Check that the name and pertinent information about a user defined
exception are available to an enclosing program unit even when the
enclosing unit has no visibility into the scope where the exception is
declared and raised.

CB30001

Check that the optional message string in a raise statement is
associated with the raised exception occurrence, and that the message
string can be obtained using the Exception_Message function with the
associated Exception_Occurrence object.

CB30002

Check that the optional message string in a raise expression is
associated with the raised exception occurrence, and that the message
string can be obtained using the Exception_Message function with the
associated Exception_Occurrence object. Check that a raise expression
has to be evaluated in order to raise an exception.

CB40005

Check that exceptions raised in non-generic code can be handled by a
procedure in a generic package.  Check that the exception identity can
be properly retrieved from the generic code and used by the non-generic
code.

CB40A01

Check that a user defined exception is correctly propagated out of a
public child package.

CB40A02

Check that a user defined exception is correctly propagated from a
private child subprogram to its parent and then to a client of the
parent.

CB40A03

Check that a predefined exception is correctly propagated from a
private child package through a visible child package to a client.

CB40A04

Check that a predefined exception is correctly propagated out of a
public child function to a client.

CB41001

Check that the 'Identity attribute returns the unique identity of an
exception. Check that the Raise_Exception procedure can raise an
exception that is specified through the use of the 'Identity attribute,
and that Reraise_Occurrence can re-raise an exception occurrence using
an exception choice parameter.

CB41002

Check that the message string input parameter in a call to the
Raise_Exception procedure is associated with the raised exception
occurrence, and that the message string can be obtained using the
Exception_Message function with the associated Exception_Occurrence
object.  Check that Function Exception_Information is available to
provide implementation-defined information about the exception
occurrence.

CB41003

Check that an exception occurrence can be saved into an object of type
Exception_Occurrence using the procedure Save_Occurrence. Check that a
saved exception occurrence can be used to reraise  another occurrence
of the same exception using the procedure Reraise_Occurrence.  Check
that the function Save_Occurrence will allocate a new object of type
Exception_Occurrence_Access, and saves the source exception to the new
object which is returned as the  function result.

CB41004

Check that Reraise_Occurrence has no effect in the case of Null_Occurrence.
Check that Exception_Message, Exception_Name, and Exception_Information raise
Constraint_Error for a Null_Occurrence actual parameter. Check that
Exception_Identity returns Null_Id for a Null_Occurrence actual parameter.
Check that Raise_Exception and Exception_Name raise Constraint_Error for a
Null_Id actual parameter. Check that calling the Save_Occurrence subprograms
with the Null_Occurrence actual parameter saves the Null_Occurrence to the
appropriate target object, and does not raise Constraint_Error. Check that
Null_Id is the default initial value of type Exception_Id.

CB42001

Check that the boolean expression of a pragma Assert is evaluated
if the Assertion_Policy is Check, and Ada.Assertions.Assertion_Error
is raised if the expression is False.

Check that the optional message string in a pragma Assert whose
boolean expression evaluates to False is associated with the raised
exception occurrence, and that the message string can be obtained
using the Exception_Message function with the associated
Exception_Occurrence object.

CB42002

Check that if the Assertion_Policy is Ignore, neither the boolean
expression nor the string expression of a pragma Assert is evaluated,
even if the assertion would have failed.

CB42003

Check that procedure Assert evaluates its arguments and raises
Assertion_Error if the boolean expression is True, regardless of
the Assertion_Policy.

CB50001

Check that checks are made in the scope of an appropriate pragma
Unsuppress, even if checks are suppressed for the entire containing unit.

CC30001

Check that if a non-overriding primitive subprogram is declared for a
type derived from a formal derived tagged type, the copy of that
subprogram in an instance can override a subprogram inherited from the
actual type.

CC30002

Check that an explicit declaration in the private part of an instance
does not override an implicit declaration in the instance, unless
the corresponding explicit declaration in the generic overrides a
corresponding implicit declaration in the generic. Check for primitive
subprograms of tagged types.

CC30003

Check that, for a type extension derived from a formal tagged private
type, a whole new set of primitive subprograms is declared for use
outside of the instance. Check that primitive subprograms of the
type extension can override those inherited from the actual type
in the instance.

CC30004

Check the runtime properties of a generic formal type within an
instance are the same as those of the actual type.

Part 1: Check that a by-copy type is passed by copy within an
instance.

CC40001

Check that adjust is called on the value of a constant object created
by the evaluation of a generic association for a formal object of mode
in.  Check that those values are also subsequently finalized.

CC50001

Check that, in an instance, each implicit declaration of a predefined
operator of a formal tagged private type declares a view of the
corresponding predefined operator of the actual type (even if the
operator has been overridden for the actual type). Check that the body
executed is determined by the type and tag of the operands.

CC50A01

Check that a formal parameter of a library-level generic unit may be a
formal tagged private type. Check that a nonlimited tagged type may be
passed as an actual. Check that if the formal type is indefinite, both
indefinite and definite types may be passed as actuals.

CC50A02

Check that a nonlimited tagged type may be passed as an actual to a
formal (non-tagged) private type. Check that if the formal type has an
unknown discriminant part, a class-wide type may also be passed as an
actual.

CC51001

Check that a formal parameter of a generic package may be a formal
derived type. Check that the formal derived type may have an unknown
discriminant part. Check that the ancestor type in a formal derived
type definition may be a tagged type, and that the actual parameter may
be a descendant of the ancestor type. Check that the formal derived
type belongs to the derivation class rooted at the ancestor type;
specifically, that components of the ancestor type may be referenced
within the generic. Check that if a formal derived subtype is
indefinite then the actual may be either definite or indefinite.

CC51002

Check that, for formal derived tagged types, the formal parameter names
and default expressions for a primitive subprogram in an instance are
determined by the primitive subprogram of the ancestor type, but that
the primitive subprogram body executed is that of the actual type.

CC51003

Check that if the ancestor type of a formal derived type is a composite
type that is not an array type, the formal type inherits components,
including discriminants, from the ancestor type.  Check for the case
where the ancestor type is a record type, and the formal derived type
is declared in a generic subprogram.

CC51004

Check that if the ancestor type of a formal derived type is a composite
type that is not an array type, the formal type inherits components,
including discriminants, from the ancestor type.  Check for the case
where the ancestor type is a tagged type, and the formal derived type
is declared in a generic subprogram.

CC51006

Check that, in an instance, each implicit declaration of a primitive
subprogram of a formal (nontagged) derived type declares a view of the
corresponding primitive subprogram of the ancestor type, even if the
subprogram has been overridden for the actual type. Check that for a
formal derived type with no discriminant part, if the ancestor subtype
is an unconstrained scalar subtype then the actual may be either
constrained or unconstrained.

CC51007

Check that a generic formal derived tagged type is a private extension.
Specifically, check that, for a generic formal derived type whose
ancestor type has abstract primitive subprograms, neither the formal
derived type nor its descendants need be abstract. Check that objects
and components of the formal derived type and its nonabstract
descendants may be declared and allocated, as may nonabstract functions
returning these types, and that aggregates of nonabstract descendants
of the formal derived type are legal. Check that calls to the abstract
primitive subprograms of the ancestor dispatch to the  bodies
corresponding to the tag of the actual parameters.

CC51008

Check that operations are inherited for a formal derived type whose
ancestor is also a formal type as described in the corrigendum.
(Defect Report 8652/0038, as reflected in Technical Corrigendum 1,
RM95 12.5.1(21/1)).

CC51009

Check that a generic unit with incomplete formal types can be
instantiated with a private type prior to the full declaration
of that type and that such instantiations can be passed as
actuals to formal packages.

CC51010

Check that a generic unit with a tagged incomplete formal type can be
instantiated with an incomplete view of a type from a limited withed
package, and that operations in the instance can be used normally when
the full view of the type is visible.

CC51011

Check that a generic unit with a tagged incomplete formal type can be
instantiated with an incomplete type whose completion is given in
a body, and that such instantiations can be passed as actuals
to formal packages.

CC51A01

Check that, in an instance, each implicit declaration of a user-defined
subprogram of a formal derived record type declares a view of the
corresponding primitive subprogram of the ancestor, even if the
primitive subprogram has been overridden for the actual type.

CC51B03

Check that the attribute S'Definite, where S is an indefinite formal
private or derived type, returns true if the actual corresponding to S
is definite, and returns false otherwise.

CC51D01

Check that, in an instance, each implicit declaration of a user-defined
subprogram of a formal private extension declares a view of the
corresponding primitive subprogram of the ancestor, and that if the tag
in a call is statically determined to be that of the formal type, the
body executed will be that corresponding to the actual type.  Check
subprograms declared within a generic formal package. Check for the
case where the actual type passed to the formal private extension is a
specific tagged type. Check for several types in the same class.

CC51D02

Check that, in an instance, each implicit declaration of a user-defined
subprogram of a formal private extension declares a view of the
corresponding primitive subprogram of the ancestor, and that if the tag
in a call is statically determined to be that of the formal type, the
body executed will be that corresponding to the actual type.  Check
subprograms declared within a generic formal package. Check for the
case where the actual type passed to the formal private extension is a
class-wide type. Check for several types in the same class.

CC54001

Check that a general access-to-constant type may be passed as an actual
to a generic formal access-to-constant type.

CC54002

Check that a general access-to-variable type may be passed as an actual
to a generic formal general access-to-variable type. Check that
designated objects may be read and updated through the access value.

CC54003

Check that a general access-to-subprogram type may be passed as an
actual to a generic formal access-to-subprogram type. Check that
designated subprograms may be called by dereferencing the access
values.

CC54004

Check that the designated type of a generic formal pool-specific access
type may be class-wide. Check that calls to primitive subprograms in
the instance dispatch to the appropriate bodies when the controlling
operand is a dereference of an object of the access- to-class-wide
type.

CC60001

Check that calls on formal abstract subprograms dispatch as expected.

CC70001

Check that the template for a generic formal package may be a child
package, and that a child instance which is an instance of the template
may be passed as an actual to the formal package. Check that the
visible part of the generic formal package includes the first list of
basic declarative items of the package specification.

CC70002

Check that a formal package actual part may specify actual parameters
for a generic formal package. Check that these actual parameters may be
formal types, formal objects, and formal subprograms. Check that the
visible part of the generic formal package includes the first list of
basic declarative items of the package specification, and that if the
formal package actual part is (<>), it also includes the generic formal
part of the template for the formal package.

CC70003

Check that the actual passed to a formal package may be a formal
access-to-subprogram type. Check that the visible part of the generic
formal package includes the first list of basic declarative items of
the package specification.

CC70A01

Check that the visible part of a generic formal package includes the
first list of basic declarative items of the package specification.
Check for a generic package which declares a formal package with (<>)
as its actual part.

CC70A02

Check that the visible part of a generic formal package includes the
first list of basic declarative items of the package specification.
Check for a generic subprogram which declares a formal package with
(<>) as its actual part.

CC70B01

Check that a formal package actual part may specify actual parameters
for a generic formal package. Check that a use clause in the generic
formal part provides direct visibility of declarations within the
generic formal package. Check that the scope of such a use clause
extends to the generic subprogram body. Check that the visible part of
the generic formal package includes the first list of basic declarative
items of the package specification.  Check the case where the formal
package is declared in a generic subprogram.

CC70B02

Check that a formal package actual part may specify actual parameters
for a generic formal package. Check that such an actual parameter may
be a formal parameter of a previously declared formal package (with a
(<>) actual part). Check that a use clause in the generic formal part
provides direct visibility of declarations within the generic formal
package, including formal parameters (if the formal package has a (<>)
actual part). Check that the scope of such a use clause extends to the
generic subprogram body. Check that the visible part of the generic
formal package includes the first list of basic declarative items of
the package specification.  Check the case where the formal package is
declared in a generic package.

CC70C01

Check that a generic formal package is an instance. Specifically, check
that a generic formal package may be passed as an actual parameter in
an instantiation of a generic package. Check that the visible part of
the generic formal package includes the first list of basic declarative
items of the package specification.

CC70C02

Check that a generic formal package is an instance. Specifically, check
that a generic formal package may be passed as an actual parameter to
another generic formal package. Check that the visible part of the
generic formal package includes the first list of basic declarative
items of the package specification.

CD10001

Check that representation items may contain nonstatic expressions in
the case that each expression in  the representation item is a name
that statically denotes a constant declared before the entity.

CD10002

Check that operational items are allowed in some contexts where
representation items are not:

   1 - Check that the name of an incompletely defined type can be used
       when specifying an operational item. (RM95/TC1 7.3(5)).

   2 - Check that operational items can be specified for a descendant of
       a generic formal untagged type. (RM95/TC1 13.1(10)).

   3 - Check that operational items can be specified for a derived
       untagged type even if the parent type is a by-reference type or
       has user-defined primitive subprograms. (RM95/TC1 13.1(11/1)).

(Defect Report 8652/0009, as reflected in Technical Corrigendum 1).

CD11001

For an associated declaration that is a subprogram, check that the names
of the parameters are directly visible in each aspect_declaration.

For an associated declaration that is a type declaration, check that the
current instance of the type is directly visible in each
aspect_declaration.

For an associated declaration that is a type declaration, check that the
names of components are directly visible in each aspect_declaration.

For an associated declaration that is a subtype declaration, check that
the current instance of the subtype is directly visible in each
aspect_declaration.

CD20001

Check that for packed records the components are packed as tightly as
possible subject to the Size of the component subtypes. Specifically
check that Boolean objects are packed one to a bit.  Check that the
Component_Size for a packed array type is the value which is less than
or equal to the Size of the component type, rounded up to the nearest
factor of the word size.

CD30001

Check that X'Address produces a useful result when X is an aliased
object. Check that X'Address produces a useful result when X is an
object of a by-reference type. Check that X'Address produces a useful
result when X is an entity whose Address has been specified.  Check
that aliased objects and subcomponents are allocated on storage element
boundaries.  Check that objects and subcomponents of by reference types
are allocated on storage element boundaries.  Check that for an array
X, X'Address points at the first component of the array, and not at the
array bounds.

CD30002

Check that the implementation supports Alignments for subtypes and
objects specified as factors and multiples of the number of storage
elements per word, unless those values cannot be loaded and stored.
Check that the largest alignment returned by default is supported.
Check that the implementation supports Alignments supported by the
target linker for stand-alone library-level objects of statically
constrained subtypes.

CD30003

Check that a Size clause for an object is supported if the specified
size is at least as large as the subtype's size, and correspond to a
size in storage elements that is a multiple of the object's (non-zero)
Alignment.

CD30004

Check that the unspecified Size of static discrete subtypes is the
number of bits needed to represent each value belonging to the
subtype using an unbiased representation, where space for a sign bit
is provided only in the event the subtype contains negative values.
Check that for first subtypes specified Sizes are supported
reflecting this representation.  Check that for subtypes implemented
with levels of indirection, the Size includes the size of the
pointers, not the size of what is pointed at.

CD30005

Check that Address clauses are supported for imported subprograms.

CD30006

Check that the implementation supports specifying Alignments for
subtypes and objects using aspect specifications.

CD30007

Check that the implementation supports specifying Sizes for
types, including full types for private types, using aspect
specifications.

CD30008

Check that Component_Sizes that are a factor of the word size are
supported.  Check that for such Component_Sizes arrays contain no gaps
between components.

CD30009

Check that Component_Sizes that are multiples of the word size are
supported.  Check that for such Component_Sizes arrays contain no gaps
between components.

CD30010

Check that Component_Sizes that are specified via an aspect specification
and are multiples of the word size are supported. Check that for such
Component_Sizes arrays contain no gaps between components.

CD30011

Check that a size specification can be given by an attribute definition
clause for an enumeration type:
   * in the visible or private part of a package for a type declared
     in the visible part;
   * for a derived enumeration type;
   * for a derived private type whose full declaration is an
     enumeration type.

CD30012

Check that a size specification can be given by an attribute definition
clause for an integer type:
   * in the visible or private part of a package for a type declared
     in the visible part;
   * for a derived integer type;
   * for a derived private type whose full declaration is an integer type.

CD30013

Check that Program_Error is raised if two distinct declarations of tagged
types have the same external tag. Part 1: Attribute definition clauses.

CD30014

Check that Program_Error is raised if two distinct declarations of tagged
types have the same external tag. Part 2: Aspect specifications.

CD40001

Check that Enumeration_Representation_Clauses are supported for codes
in the range System.Min_Int..System.Max_Int.

CD70001

Check that package System includes Max_Base_Digits, Address,
Null_Address, Word_Size, functions "<", "<=", ">", ">=", "=" (with
Address parameters and Boolean results), Bit_Order, Default_Bit_Order,
Any_Priority, Interrupt_Priority, and Default_Priority.  Check that
package System.Storage_Elements includes all required types and
operations.

CD72A01

Check that the package System.Address_To_Access_Conversions may be
instantiated for various simple types.  Check that To_Pointer and
To_Address are inverse operations.  Check that To_Pointer(X'Address)
equals X'Unchecked_Access for an X that allows Unchecked_Access.  Check
that To_Pointer(Null_Address) returns null.

CD72A02

Check that the package System.Address_To_Access_Conversions may be
instantiated for various composite types.  Check that To_Pointer and
To_Address are inverse operations.  Check that To_Pointer(X'Address)
equals X'Unchecked_Access for an X that allows Unchecked_Access.  Check
that To_Pointer(Null_Address) returns null.

CD90001

Check that Unchecked_Conversion is supported and is reversible in the
cases where: Source'Size = Target'Size
  Source'Alignment = Target'Alignment
  Source and Target are both represented contiguously
  Bit pattern in Source is a meaningful value of Target type

CD92001

Check that if X denotes a scalar object, X'Valid yields true if an only
if the object denoted by X is normal and has a valid representation.

CDB0001

If Storage_Size is specified for an access type, check that
Storage_Error is raised by an allocator when insufficient storage
is available.

CDB0002

Check that operations on values of an access type are not affected
if Storage_Size is specified for the type.

CDB0A01

Check that a storage pool may be user_determined, and that storage is
allocated by calling Allocate.  Check that a storage.pool may be
specified using 'Storage_Pool and that S'Storage_Pool denotes the
storage pool of the type S.

CDB0A02

Check that several access types can share the same pool.  Check that
any exception propagated by Allocate is propagated by the allocator.
Check that for an access type S, S'Max_Size_In_Storage_Elements denotes
the maximum values for Size_In_Storage_Elements that will be requested
via Allocate.

CDB3A01

Check that the Default_Storage_Pool aspect may be specified for a
generic instance. The aspect must override any Default_Storage_Pool pragma that
might apply to the generic unit. If the aspect is not specified, the
default pool of the instance is that defined for the generic unit.

CDB4001

Check allocation and deallocation of objects using subpools.

CDD1001

Check that components of Stream_Element_Array are aliased.  (Defect
Report 8652/0044).

CDD2001

Check that the default implementation of Read and Input raise End_Error
if the end of stream is reached before the reading of a value is
completed.  (Defect Report 8652/0045).

CDD2A01

Check that the Read and Write attributes for a type extension are created
from the parent type's attribute (which may be user-defined) and those
for the extension components.  Also check that the default Input and
Output attributes are used for a type extension, even if the parent
type's attribute is user-defined.  (Defect Report 8652/0040, as reflected
in Technical Corrigendum 1, penultimate sentence of 13.13.2(9/1) and
13.13.2(25/1)).

CDD2A02

Check that the Read, Write, Input, and Output attributes are inherited
for untagged derived types.  (Defect Report 8652/0040, as reflected in
Technical Corrigendum 1, 13.13.2(8.1/1) and 13.13.2(25/1)).

CDD2A03

Check that the default Read and Write attributes for a limited type
extension are created from the parent type's attribute (which may be
user-defined) and those for the extension components, if the extension
components are non-limited or have user-defined attributes.  Check that
such limited type extension attributes are callable (Defect Report
8652/0040, as reflected in Technical Corrigendum 1, penultimate sentence
 of 13.13.2(9/1) and 13.13.2(36/1)).

CDD2B01

Check that the default stream attributes read and write the number
of stream elements specified by their Stream_Size attribute. Part 1:
attribute definition clauses, confirming values.

CDD2B02

Check that the default stream attributes read and write the number
of stream elements specified by their Stream_Size attribute. Part 2:
aspect specifications, confirming values.

CDD2B03

Check that the default stream attributes read and write the number
of stream elements specified by their Stream_Size attribute. Part 3:
attribute definition clauses, non-confirming values.

CDD2B04

Check that the default stream attributes read and write the number
of stream elements specified by their Stream_Size attribute. Part 4:
aspect specifications, non-confirming values.

CDE0001

Check that the following names can be used in the declaration of a
generic formal parameter (object, array type, or access type) without
causing freezing of the named type: (1) The name of a private type, (2)
A name that denotes a subtype of a private type, and (3) A name that
denotes a composite type with a subcomponent of a private type (or
subtype). Check for untagged and tagged types.

CDE0002

Check the use of an entity in an aspect specification does not cause
freezing to happen too early.

Check the use of an entity in the expression of an expression function
freezing to happen too early.

CDE0003

Check that actuals for generic formal incomplete types and for formal
subprograms with formal untagged incomplete parameters do not need
to be frozen at instantiation.

CXA3001

Check that the character classification functions defined in  package
Ada.Characters.Handling produce correct results when provided  constant
arguments from package Ada.Characters.Latin_1.

CXA3002

Check that the conversion functions for Characters and Strings defined
in package Ada.Characters.Handling provide correct results when given
character/string input parameters.

CXA3003

Check that the functions defined in package Ada.Characters.Handling for
use in classifying and converting characters between the ISO 646 and
type Character sets produce the correct results with both Character and
String input values.

CXA3004

Check that the functions defined in package Ada.Characters.Handling for
classification of and conversion between Wide_Character and Character
values produce correct results when given the appropriate Character and
String inputs.

CXA4001

Check that the types, operations, and other entities defined within the
package Ada.Strings.Maps are available and/or produce correct results.

CXA4002

Check that the subprograms defined in package Ada.Strings.Fixed are
available, and that they produce correct results.  Specifically,  check
the subprograms Index, "*" (string constructor function),  Count, Trim,
and Replace_Slice.

CXA4003

Check that the subprograms defined in package Ada.Strings.Fixed are
available, and that they produce correct results.  Specifically,  check
the subprograms Index, Index_Non_Blank, Head, Tail, Translate,
Find_Token, Move, Overwrite, and Replace_Slice.

CXA4004

Check that the subprograms defined in package Ada.Strings.Fixed are
available, and that they produce correct results. Specifically, check
the subprograms Count, Find_Token, Index, Index_Non_Blank, and Move.

CXA4005

Check that the subprograms defined in package Ada.Strings.Fixed are
available, and that they produce correct results.  Specifically, check
the subprograms Delete, Head, Insert, Overwrite, Replace_Slice, Tail,
Trim, and "*".

CXA4006

Check that the subprograms defined in package Ada.Strings.Bounded are
available, and that they produce correct results. Specifically, check
the subprograms Length, Slice, "&", To_Bounded_String, Append, Index,
To_String, Replace_Slice, Trim, Overwrite, Delete, Insert, and
Translate.

CXA4007

Check that the subprograms defined in package Ada.Strings.Bounded are
available, and that they produce correct results. Specifically, check
the subprograms Append, Count, Element, Find_Token, Head,
Index_Non_Blank, Replace_Element, Replicate, Tail, To_Bounded_String,
"&", ">", "<", ">=", "<=", and "*".

CXA4008

Check that the subprograms defined in package Ada.Strings.Bounded are
available, and that they produce correct results, especially under
conditions where truncation of the result is required.  Specifically,
check the subprograms Append, Count with non-Identity maps, Index with
non-Identity maps, Index with Set parameters, Insert (function and
procedure), Replace_Slice (function and procedure), To_Bounded_String,
and Translate.

CXA4009

Check that the subprograms defined in package Ada.Strings.Bounded are
available, and that they produce correct results, especially under
conditions where truncation of the result is required.  Specifically,
check the subprograms Overwrite (function and procedure), Delete,
Function Trim (blanks), Trim (Set characters, function and procedure),
Head, Tail, and Replicate (characters and strings).

CXA4010

Check that the subprograms defined in package Ada.Strings.Unbounded are
available, and that they produce correct results. Specifically,  check
the subprograms To_String, To_Unbounded_String, Insert, "&",  "*",
Length, Slice, Replace_Slice, Overwrite, Index, Index_Non_Blank, Head,
Tail, and "=", "<=", ">=".

CXA4011

Check that the subprograms defined in package Ada.Strings.Unbounded are
available, and that they produce correct results. Specifically,  check
the subprograms To_Unbounded_String, "&", ">", "<", Element,
Replace_Element, Count, Find_Token, Translate, Trim, Delete, and "*".

CXA4012

Check that the types, operations, and other entities defined within the
package Ada.Strings.Wide_Maps are available and produce correct
results.

CXA4013

Check that the subprograms defined in package Ada.Strings.Wide_Fixed
are available, and that they produce correct results.  Specifically,
check the subprograms Index, "*" (Wide_String constructor function),
Count, Trim, and Replace_Slice.

CXA4014

Check that the subprograms defined in package Ada.Strings.Wide_Fixed
are available, and that they produce correct results.  Specifically,
check the subprograms Find_Token, Head, Index, Index_Non_Blank, Move,
Overwrite, and Replace_Slice, Tail, and Translate.  Use the
access-to-subprogram mapping version of Translate (function and
procedure).

CXA4015

Check that the subprograms defined in package Ada.Strings.Wide_Fixed
are available, and that they produce correct results.  Specifically,
check the subprograms Count, Find_Token, Index, Index_Non_Blank, and
Move.

CXA4016

Check that the subprograms defined in package Ada.Strings.Wide_Fixed
are available, and that they produce correct results.  Specifically,
check the subprograms Delete, Head, Insert, Overwrite, Replace_Slice,
Tail, Trim, and "*".

CXA4017

Check that the subprograms defined in package Ada.Strings.Wide_Bounded
are available, and that they produce correct results.  Specifically,
check the subprograms Append, Delete, Index, Insert , Length,
Overwrite, Replace_Slice, Slice, "&", To_Bounded_Wide_String,
To_Wide_String, Translate, and Trim.

CXA4018

Check that the subprograms defined in package  Ada.Strings.Wide_Bounded
are available, and that they produce  correct results. Specifically,
check the subprograms Append,  Count, Element, Find_Token, Head,
Index_Non_Blank, Replace_Element,  Replicate, Tail,
To_Bounded_Wide_String, "&", ">", "<", ">=", "<=",  and "*".

CXA4019

Check that the subprograms defined in package Ada.Strings.Wide_Bounded
are available, and that they produce correct results, especially  under
conditions where truncation of the result is required.   Specifically,
check the subprograms Append, Count with non-Identity maps, Index with
non-Identity maps, Index with Set parameters,  Insert (function and
procedure), Replace_Slice (function and  procedure),
To_Bounded_Wide_String, and Translate (function and  procedure).

CXA4020

Check that the subprograms defined in package Ada.Strings.Wide_Bounded
are available, and that they produce correct results, especially under
conditions where truncation of the result is required.  Specifically,
check the subprograms Overwrite (function and procedure), Delete,
Function Trim (blanks), Trim (Set wide characters, function and
procedure), Head, Tail, and Replicate (wide characters and wide
strings).

CXA4021

Check that the subprograms defined in package
Ada.Strings.Wide_Unbounded are available, and that they produce
correct results. Specifically, check the subprograms Head, Index,
Index_Non_Blank, Insert, Length, Overwrite, Replace_Slice, Slice,
Tail, To_Wide_String, To_Unbounded_Wide_String, "*", "&",  and "=",
"<=", ">=".

CXA4022

Check that the subprograms defined in package
Ada.Strings.Wide_Unbounded are available, and that they produce
correct results. Specifically, check the subprograms Count, Element,
Index, Replace_Element, To_Unbounded_Wide_String, and "&", ">", "<".

CXA4023

Check that the subprograms defined in package
Ada.Strings.Wide_Unbounded are available, and that they produce
correct results. Specifically, check the subprograms Delete,
Find_Token, Translate, Trim, and "*".

CXA4024

Check that the function "-", To_Ranges, To_Domain, and To_Range are
available in the package Ada.Strings.Maps, and that they produce
correct results based on the Character_Set/Character_Mapping input
provided.

CXA4025

Check that the functionality found in packages Ada.Strings.Wide_Maps,
Ada.Strings.Wide_Fixed, and Ada.Strings.Wide_Maps.Wide_Constants is
available and produces correct results.

CXA4026

Check that Ada.Strings.Fixed procedures Head, Tail, and Trim, as well
as the versions of subprograms Translate (procedure and function),
Index, and Count, available in the package which use a
Maps.Character_Mapping_Function input parameter, produce correct
results.

CXA4027

Check that versions of Ada.Strings.Bounded subprograms Translate,
(procedure and function), Index, and Count, which use the
Maps.Character_Mapping_Function input parameter, produce correct
results.

CXA4028

Check that Ada.Strings.Bounded procedures Append, Head, Tail, and
Trim, and relational operator functions "=", ">", ">=", "<", "<="  with
parameter combinations of type String and Bounded_String,  produce
correct results.

CXA4029

Check that the functionality found in packages Ada.Strings.Wide_Maps,
Ada.Strings.Wide_Bounded, and Ada.Strings.Wide_Maps.Wide_Constants  is
available and produces correct results.

CXA4030

Check that Ada.Strings.Unbounded versions of subprograms Translate
(procedure and function), Index, and Count, which use a
Maps.Character_Mapping_Function input parameter, produce correct
results.

CXA4031

Check that the subprograms defined in package Ada.Strings.Unbounded are
available, and that they produce correct results. Specifically,  check
the functions To_Unbounded_String (version with Length parameter), "=",
"<", "<=", ">", ">=" (all with String-Unbounded String parameter mix),
as well as three versions of Procedure Append.

CXA4032

Check that procedures defined in package Ada.Strings.Unbounded are
available, and that they produce correct results. Specifically,  check
the procedures Replace_Slice, Insert, Overwrite, Delete, Trim (2
versions), Head, and Tail.

CXA4033

Check that the functionality found in packages Ada.Strings.Wide_Maps,
Ada.Strings.Wide_Unbounded, and Ada.Strings.Wide_Maps.Wide_Constants
is available and produces correct results.

CXA4035

Check that the case insensitive string comparison functions provide
correct results.

CXA4036

Check encoding, decoding and conversions between regular strings
and UTF_* encodings. Case 1: Standard.String

CXA4037

Check that Constraint_Error is raised by Ada.Strings.Fixed.Find_Token if
Source'First is not in Positive.  (Defect Report 8652/0049).

CXA4038

Check that Ada.Strings.Bounded.Slice raises Index_Error if
High > Length (Source) or Low > Length (Source) + 1.

Check that the bounds of the result of Ada.Strings.Bounded.Slice are
Low and High. Check that the bounds of the result of
Ada.Strings.Bounded.To_String are 1 and Length. 

Check that Ada.Strings.Wide_Bounded.Slice raises Index_Error if
High > Length (Source) or Low > Length (Source) + 1.

Check that the bounds of the result of Ada.Strings.Wide_Bounded.Slice are
Low and High. Check that the bounds of the result of
Ada.Strings.Wide_Bounded.To_Wide_String are 1 and Length. 

CXA4039

Check that Ada.Strings.Unbounded.Slice raises Index_Error if
High > Length (Source) or Low > Length (Source) + 1.

Check that the bounds of the result of Ada.Strings.Unbounded.Slice are
Low and High. Check that the bounds of the result of
Ada.Strings.Unbounded.To_String are 1 and Length. 

Check that Ada.Strings.Wide_Unbounded.Slice raises Index_Error if
High > Length (Source) or Low > Length (Source) + 1.

Check that the bounds of the result of Ada.Strings.Wide_Unbounded.Slice
are Low and High. Check that the bounds of the result of
Ada.Strings.Wide_Unbounded.To_Wide_String are 1 and Length. 

CXA5011

Check that, for both Float_Random and Discrete_Random packages, the
following are true: 1) two objects of type Generator are initialized to
the same state. 2) when the Function Reset is used to reset two
generators to different time-dependent states, the resulting random
values  from each generator are different. 3) when the Function Reset
uses the same integer initiator to reset two generators to the same
state, the resulting random values from each generator are identical.
4) when the Function Reset uses different integer initiator values to
reset two generators, the resulting random numbers are different.

CXA5012

Check that, for both Float_Random and Discrete_Random packages, the
following are true: 1) the procedures Save and Reset can be used to
save the specific state of a random number generator, and then restore
the specific state to the generator following some intermediate
generator activity. 2) the Function Image can be used to obtain a
string representation of the state of a generator; and that the
Function Value will transform a string representation of the state of a
random number generator into the actual state object. 3) a call to
Function Value, with a string value that is  not the image of any
generator state, will raise Constraint_Error.

CXA5013

Check that a discrete random number generator will yield each value in
its result subtype in a finite number of calls, provided that the
number of such values does not exceed 2**15.

CXA5015

Check that the following representation-oriented attributes are
available and that the produce correct results:  'Denorm,
'Signed_Zeros, 'Exponent 'Fraction, 'Compose, 'Scaling,  'Floor,
'Ceiling, 'Rounding, 'Unbiased_Rounding, 'Truncation,  'Remainder,
'Adjacent, 'Copy_Sign, 'Leading_Part, 'Machine, and  'Model_Small.

CXA5016

Check that the Machine_Rounding attribute is available and produces
the correct results.

CXA5A01

Check that the functions Sin and Sinh provide correct results.

CXA5A02

Check that the functions Cos and Cosh provide correct results.

CXA5A03

Check that the functions Tan, Tanh, and Arctanh provide correct
results.

CXA5A04

Check that the functions Cot, Coth, and Arccoth provide correct
results.

CXA5A05

Check that the functions Arcsin and Arcsinh provide correct  results.

CXA5A06

Check that the functions Arccos and Arccosh provide correct  results.

CXA5A07

Check that the function Arctan provides correct results.

CXA5A08

Check that the function Arccot provides correct results.

CXA5A09

Check that the function Log provides correct results.

CXA5A10

Check that the functions Exp and Sqrt, and the exponentiation  operator
"**" provide correct results.

CXA8001

Check that all elements to be transferred to a sequential file of mode
Append_File will be placed following the last element currently in the
file.   Check that it is possible to append data to a file that has
been  previously appended to. Check that the predefined procedure Write
will place an element after the last element in the file in mode
Append_File.

CXA8002

Check that resetting a file using mode Append_File allows for the
writing of elements to the file starting after the last element in the
file.   Check that the result of function Name can be used on a
subsequent reopen of the file. Check that a mode change occurs on reset
of a file to/from mode  Append_File.

CXA8003

Check that Append_File mode has not been added to package Direct_IO.

CXA9001

Check that the operations defined in the generic package
Ada.Storage_IO provide the ability to store and retrieve objects  which
may include implicit levels of indirection in their  implementation,
from an in-memory buffer.

CXA9002

Check that the operations defined in the generic package
Ada.Storage_IO provide the ability to store and retrieve objects  of
tagged types from in-memory buffers.

CXAA001

Check that the Line_Length and Page_Length maximums for a Text_IO file
of mode Append_File are initially zero (unbounded) after a Create,
Open, or Reset, and that these values can be modified using the
procedures Set_Line_Length and Set_Page_Length. Check that setting the
Line_Length and Page_Length attributes to zero results in an unbounded
Text_IO file. Check that setting the line length when in Append_Mode
doesn't  change the length of lines previously written to the Text_IO
file.

CXAA002

Check that the procedures New_Page, Set_Line, Set_Col, and New_Line
subprograms perform properly on a text file created with mode
Append_File. Check that the attributes Page, Line, and Column are all
set to 1 following the creation of a text file with mode Append_File.
Check that the functions Page, Line, and Col perform properly on a text
file created with mode Append_File. Check that the procedures Put and
Put_Line perform properly on text files created with mode Append_File.
Check that the procedure Set_Line sets the current line number to the
value specified by the parameter "To" for text files created with mode
Append_File.   Check that the procedure Set_Col sets the current column
number to the value specified by the parameter "To" for text files
created with mode Append_File.

CXAA003

Check that the procedures New_Page, Set_Line, Set_Col, and New_Line
subprograms perform properly on a text file reset (from Out_File)  with
mode Append_File. Check that the attributes Page, Line, and Column are
all set to 1 following the reset of a text file with mode Append_File.
Check that the functions Page, Line, and Col perform properly on a text
file reset with mode Append_File. Check that the procedures Put and
Put_Line perform properly on text files reset with mode Append_File.
Check that the procedure Set_Line sets the current line number to the
value specified by the parameter "To" for text files reset with mode
Append_File.  Check that Set_Line has no effect if the specified line
equals the current line. Check that the procedure Set_Col sets the
current column number to the value specified by the parameter "To" for
text files reset with mode Append_File.

CXAA004

Check that the procedures New_Page, Set_Line, Set_Col, and New_Line
perform properly on a text file opened with mode Append_File. Check
that the attributes Page, Line, and Column are all set to 1 following
the opening of a text file with mode Append_File. Check that the
functions Page, Line, and Col perform properly on a text file opened
with mode Append_File. Check that the procedures Put and Put_Line
perform properly on text files opened with mode Append_File. Check that
the procedure Set_Line sets the current line number to the value
specified by the parameter "To" for text files opened with mode
Append_File.  Check that the procedure Set_Col sets the current column
number to the value specified by the parameter "To" for text files
reset with mode Append_File.

CXAA005

Check that the procedure Put, when called with string parameters, does
not update the line number of a text file of mode Append_File, when the
line length is unbounded (i.e., only the column number is  updated).
Check that a call to the procedure Put with a null string argument has
no measurable effect on a text file of mode Append_File.

CXAA006

Check that for a bounded line length text file of mode Append_File,
when the number of characters to be output exceeds the number of
columns remaining on the current line, a call to Put will output
characters of the string sufficient to fill the remaining columns of
the line (up to line length), then output a line terminator, reset the
column number, increment the line number, then output the balance of
the item.  Check that the procedure Put does not raise Layout_Error
when the  number of characters to be output exceeds the line length of
a bounded text file of mode Append_File.

CXAA007

Check that the capabilities of Text_IO.Integer_IO perform correctly on
files of Append_File mode, for instantiations with integer and
user-defined subtypes. Check that the formatting parameters available
in the package can be used and modified successfully in the storage and
retrieval of data.

CXAA008

Check that the capabilities provided in instantiations of the
Ada.Text_IO.Fixed_IO package operate correctly when the mode of the
file is Append_File.  Check that Fixed_IO procedures Put and Get
properly transfer fixed point data to/from data files that are in
Append_File mode.  Check that the formatting parameters available in
the package can be used and modified successfully in the appending and
retrieval of data.

CXAA009

Check that the capabilities provided in instantiations of the
Ada.Text_IO.Float_IO package operate correctly when the mode of  the
file is Append_File. Check that Float_IO procedures Put and Get
properly transfer floating point data to/from data files that are in
Append_File mode. Check that the formatting parameters available in
the package can be used and modified successfully in the appending and
retrieval of data.

CXAA010

Check that the operations defined in package Ada.Text_IO.Decimal_IO are
available, and that they function correctly when used for the
input/output of Decimal types.

CXAA011

Check that the operations of Text_IO.Enumeration_IO perform correctly
on files of Append_File mode, for instantiations using  enumeration
types.  Check that Enumeration_IO procedures Put and Get  properly
transfer enumeration data to/from data files. Check that the formatting
parameters available in the package can be used and modified
successfully in the storage and retrieval of data.

CXAA012

Check that the exception Mode_Error is raised when an attempt is made
to read from (perform a Get_Line) or use the predefined End_Of_File
function on a text file with mode Append_File.

CXAA013

Check that the exception Mode_Error is raised when an attempt is made
to skip a line or page using the predefined Skip_Line and Skip_Page
procedures on a text file with mode Append_File.

CXAA014

Check that the exception Mode_Error is raised when an attempt is made
to check for the end of a line or page using the predefined functions
End_Of_Line or End_Of_Page on a text file with mode Append_File.

CXAA015

Check that the exception Status_Error is raised when an attempt is made
to create or open a file in Append_File mode when the file is  already
open. Check that the exception Name_Error is raised by procedure Open
when attempting to open a file in Append_File mode when the name
supplied as the filename does not correspond to an existing external
file.

CXAA016

Check that the type File_Access is available in Ada.Text_IO, and that
objects of this type designate File_Type objects. Check that function
Set_Error will set the current default error file. Check that versions
of Ada.Text_IO functions Standard_Input, Standard_Output,
Standard_Error return File_Access values designating the standard
system input, output, and error files. Check that versions of
Ada.Text_IO functions Current_Input, Current_Output, Current_Error
return File_Access values designating the current system input, output,
and error files.

CXAA017

Check that Ada.Text_IO function Look_Ahead sets parameter End_Of_Line
to True if at the end of a line; otherwise check that it returns the
next character from a file (without consuming it), while setting
End_Of_Line to False.    Check that Ada.Text_IO function Get_Immediate
will return the next control or graphic character in parameter Item
from the specified  file.  Check that the version of Ada.Text_IO
function Get_Immediate  with the Available parameter will, if a
character is available in the specified file, return the character in
parameter Item, and set  parameter Available to True.

CXAA018

Check that the subprograms defined in the package Text_IO.Modular_IO
provide correct results.

CXAA019

Check that Standard_Output can be flushed.  Check that 'in' parameters of
types Ada.Text_IO.File_Type and Ada.Streams.Stream_IO.File_Type can be
flushed.  (Defect Report 8652/0051).

CXAA020

Check, for enumeration output, that output that
does not fit on the current line is handled correctly.

CXAA021

Check file operations defined in Text_IO.Bounded_IO.

CXAA022

Check file operations defined in Text_IO.Unbounded_IO.

CXAB001

Check that the operations defined in package Wide_Text_IO allow for
the input/output of Wide_Character and Wide_String data.

CXAB002

Check file operations defined in Wide_Text_IO.Wide_Bounded_IO.

CXAB003

Check file operations defined in Wide_Wide_Text_IO.Wide_Wide_Bounded_IO.

CXAB004

Check file operations defined in Wide_Text_IO.Wide_Unbounded_IO.

CXAB005

Check file operations defined in Wide_Wide_Text_IO.Wide_Wide_Unbounded_IO.

CXAC001

Check that the attribute T'Write will, for any specific non-limited
type T, write an item of the subtype to the stream.  Check that the
attribute T'Read will, for a specific non-limited type T, read a value
of the subtype from the stream.

CXAC002

Check that the subprograms defined in package Ada.Streams.Stream_IO are
accessible, and that they provide the appropriate functionality.

CXAC003

Check that the correct exceptions are raised when improperly
manipulating stream file objects.

CXAC004

Check that the Stream_Access type and Stream function found in package
Ada.Text_IO.Text_Streams allows a text file to be processed with the
functionality of streams.

CXAC005

Check that stream file positioning work as specified.  (Defect Report
8652/0055).

CXAC006

Check that stream files opened in Append_Mode handle positioning
properly or not at all. (Also, check the other questions of AI95-00085.)

CXAC007

Check that Stream_IO is preelaborated.

CXAC008

Check that the Reset and Close subprograms defined in package
Ada.Streams.Stream_IO do not truncate Out_File mode files.

CXAC009

Check that Stream_IO.File_Type has Preeelaborable_Initialization.

CXACA01

Check that the default attributes 'Write and 'Read work properly when
used with objects of a variety of types, including records with
default discriminants, records without default discriminants, but
which have the discriminant described in a representation clause for
the type, and arrays.

CXACA02

Check that user defined subprograms can override the default attributes
'Read and 'Write using attribute definition clauses. Use objects of
record types.

CXACB01

Check that the default attributes 'Input and 'Output work properly
when  used with objects of a variety of types, including
two-dimensional  arrays and records without default discriminants.

CXACB02

Check that user defined subprograms can override the default attributes
'Input and 'Output using attribute definition clauses, when used with
objects of discriminated record and multi-dimensional array types.

CXACC01

Check that the use of 'Class'Output and 'Class'Input allow stream
manipulation of objects of non-limited class-wide types.

CXAF001

Check that an implementation supports the functionality defined in
Package Ada.Command_Line.

CXAG001

Check that package Ada.Directories exists and can be used to
create and delete directories, change the default directory, and
copy files.

CXAG002

Check that package Ada.Directories.Hierarchical_File_Names exists and
the functions it contains work as expected.

CXAG003

Check that function Ada.Directories.Name_Case_Equivalence exists and
that the value returned reflects the actual handling of files.

CXAH001

Check that package Ada.Environment_Variables exists and can be used to
read environment variables.

CXAH002

Check that package Ada.Environment_Variables can be used to modify
environment variables.

CXAH003

Check that the two parameter Value in package Ada.Environment_Variables
works as expected.

CXAI001

Check that an implementation supports the functionality defined
in package Ada.Containers.Vectors.

CXAI002

Check that an implementation supports the functionality defined
in package Ada.Containers.Doubly_Linked_Lists.

CXAI003

Check that an implementation supports the functionality defined
in package Ada.Containers.Hashed_Maps.

CXAI004

Check that an implementation supports the functionality defined
in package Ada.Containers.Ordered_Maps.

CXAI005

Check that an implementation supports the functionality defined
in package Ada.Containers.Hashed_Sets.

CXAI006

Check that an implementation supports the functionality defined
in package Ada.Containers.Ordered_Sets.

CXAI007

Check that an implementation supports the functionality defined
in package Ada.Containers.Multiway_Trees.

CXAI008

Check basic operations in package Ada.Containers.Indefinite_Multiway_Trees.

CXAI009

Check that an implementation supports the functionality defined
in package Ada.Containers.Indefinite_Holders.

CXAI010

Check that an implementation supports the functionality defined
in package Ada.Containers.Bounded_Vectors.

CXAI011

Check that an implementation supports the functionality defined
in package Ada.Containers.Bounded_Doubly_Linked_Lists.

CXAI012

Check that an implementation supports the functionality defined
in package Ada.Containers.Bounded_Hashed_Maps.

CXAI013

Check that an implementation supports the functionality defined
in package Ada.Containers.Bounded_Ordered_Maps.

CXAI014

Check that an implementation supports the functionality defined
in package Ada.Containers.Bounded_Hashed_Sets.

CXAI015

Check that an implementation supports the functionality defined
in package Ada.Containers.Bounded_Ordered_Sets.

CXAI016

Check that an implementation supports the functionality defined
in package Ada.Containers.Bounded_Multiway_Trees.

CXAI017

Check that an implementation supports the functionality defined
in procedures Ada.Containers.Generic_Constrained_Array_Sort,
Ada.Containers.Generic_Array_Sort and Ada.Containers.Generic_Sort.

CXAI018

Check iterators, indexing, and references for package
Ada.Containers.Vectors.

CXAI019

Check iterators, indexing, and references for package
Ada.Containers.Doubly_Linked_Lists.

CXAI020

Check iterators, indexing, and references for package
Ada.Containers.Hashed_Maps.

CXAI021

Check iterators, indexing, and references for package
Ada.Containers.Ordered_Maps.

CXAI022

Check iterators, indexing, and references for package
Ada.Containers.Hashed_Sets.

CXAI023

Check iterators, indexing, and references for package
Ada.Containers.Ordered_Sets.

CXAI024

Check iterators, indexing, and references for package
Ada.Containers.Multiway_Trees.

CXAI025

Check iterators, indexing, and references for package
Ada.Containers.Bounded_Vectors.

CXAI026

Check iterators, indexing, and references for package
Ada.Containers.Bounded_Doubly_Linked_Lists.

CXAI027

Check iterators, indexing, and references for package
Ada.Containers.Bounded_Hashed_Maps.

CXAI028

Check iterators, indexing, and references for package
Ada.Containers.Bounded_Ordered_Maps.

CXAI029

Check iterators, indexing, and references for package
Ada.Containers.Bounded_Hashed_Sets.

CXAI030

Check iterators, indexing, and references for package
Ada.Containers.Bounded_Ordered_Sets.

CXAI031

Check iterators, indexing, and references for package
Ada.Containers.Bounded_Multiway_Trees.

CXAI032

Test cursor iterators using function Iterate for ordered maps.

CXAI033

Check that an implementation supports the functionality defined
in package Ada.Containers.Unbounded_Synchronized_Queues.

CXAI034

Check that an implementation supports the functionality defined
in package Ada.Containers.Bounded_Synchronized_Queues.

CXAI035

Check that an implementation supports the functionality defined
in package Ada.Containers.Unbounded_Priority_Queues.

CXAI036

Check that an implementation supports the functionality defined
in package Ada.Containers.Bounded_Priority_Queues.

CXAIA01

Check that an implementation supports the functionality defined
in package Ada.Containers.Indefinite_Vectors.

CXAIA02

Check that an implementation supports the functionality defined
in package Ada.Containers.Indefinite_Doubly_Linked_Lists.

CXAIA03

Check that an implementation supports the functionality defined
in package Ada.Containers.Indefinite_Hashed_Maps.

CXAIA04

Check that an implementation supports the functionality defined
in package Ada.Containers.Indefinite_Ordered_Maps.

CXAIA05

Check that an implementation supports the functionality defined
in package Ada.Containers.Indefinite_Hashed_Sets.

CXAIA06

Check that an implementation supports the functionality defined
in package Ada.Containers.Indefinite_Ordered_Sets.

CXAIA07

Check that an implementation supports the functionality defined
in package Ada.Containers.Indefinite_Multiway_Trees.

CXAIA08

Check iterators, indexing, and references for package
Ada.Containers.Indefinite_Vectors.

CXAIA09

Check iterators, indexing, and references for package
Ada.Containers.Indefinite_Doubly_Linked_Lists.

CXAIA10

Check iterators, indexing, and references for package
Ada.Containers.Indefinite_Hashed_Maps.

CXAIA11

Check iterators, indexing, and references for package
Ada.Containers.Indefinite_Ordered_Maps.

CXAIA12

Check iterators, indexing, and references for package
Ada.Containers.Indefinite_Hashed_Sets.

CXAIA13

Check iterators, indexing, and references for package
Ada.Containers.Indefinite_Ordered_Sets.

CXAIA14

Check iterators, indexing, and references for package
Ada.Containers.Indefinite_Multiway_Trees.

CXAIB01

Check that Ada.Containers.Vectors is preelaborated.

Check that type Vector from an instance of Ada.Containers.Vectors
has Preeelaborable_Initialization, regardless of whether the element
type has Preelaborable_Initialization.

CXAIB02

Check that Ada.Containers.Bounded_Vectors is preelaborated.

Check that type Vector from an instance of
Ada.Containers.Bounded_Vectors has Preeelaborable_Initialization if
the element type has Preelaborable_Initialization.

Check that an instance of Ada.Containers.Bounded_Vectors can be
used if the element type does not have Preelaborable_Initialization.

CXAIB03

Check that Ada.Containers.Doubly_Linked_Lists is preelaborated.

Check that type List from an instance of
Ada.Containers.Doubly_Linked_Lists has Preeelaborable_Initialization,
regardless of whether the element type has
Preelaborable_Initialization.

CXAIB04

Check that Ada.Containers.Bounded_Doubly_Linked_Lists is preelaborated.

Check that type List from an instance of
Ada.Containers.Bounded_Doubly_Linked_Lists has
Preeelaborable_Initialization if the element type has
Preelaborable_Initialization.

Check that an instance of Ada.Containers.Bounded_Doubly_Linked_Lists
can be used if the element type does not have
Preelaborable_Initialization.

CXAIB05

Check that Ada.Containers.Ordered_Maps is preelaborated.

Check that type Map from an instance of Ada.Containers.Ordered_Maps
has Preeelaborable_Initialization, regardless of whether the element
type has Preelaborable_Initialization.

CXAIB06

Check that Ada.Containers.Bounded_Ordered_Maps is preelaborated.

Check that type Map from an instance of
Ada.Containers.Bounded_Ordered_Maps has Preeelaborable_Initialization
if the element type has Preelaborable_Initialization.

Check that an instance of Ada.Containers.Bounded_Ordered_Maps can be
used if the element type does not have Preelaborable_Initialization.

CXAIB07

Check that Ada.Containers.Hashed_Maps is preelaborated.

Check that type Map from an instance of Ada.Containers.Hashed_Maps
has Preeelaborable_Initialization, regardless of whether the element
type has Preelaborable_Initialization.

CXAIB08

Check that Ada.Containers.Bounded_Hashed_Maps is preelaborated.

Check that type Map from an instance of
Ada.Containers.Bounded_Ordered_Maps has Preeelaborable_Initialization
if the element type has Preelaborable_Initialization.

Check that an instance of Ada.Containers.Bounded_Hashed_Maps can be
used if the element type does not have Preelaborable_Initialization.

CXB2001

Check that subprograms Shift_Left, Shift_Right,
Shift_Right_Arithmetic, Rotate_Left, and Rotate_Right are available and
produce correct results for values of signed and modular integer types
of 8 bits.

CXB2002

Check that subprograms Shift_Left, Shift_Right,
Shift_Right_Arithmetic, Rotate_Left, and Rotate_Right are available and
produce correct results for values of signed and modular integer types
of 16 bits.

CXB2003

Check that subprograms Shift_Left, Shift_Right,
Shift_Right_Arithmetic, Rotate_Left, and Rotate_Right are available and
produce correct results for values of signed and modular integer types
of 32 bits.

CXB3001

Check that the specifications of the package Interfaces.C are available
for use.

CXB3002

Check that the specifications of the package Interfaces.C.Strings are
available for use.

CXB3003

Check that the specifications of the package Interfaces.C.Pointers are
available for use.

CXB3004

Check that the functions To_C and To_Ada map between the Ada type
Character and the C type char.  Check that the function
Is_Nul_Terminated returns True if the char_array parameter contains
nul, and otherwise False.  Check that the function To_C produces a
correct char_array result, with lower bound of 0, and length dependent
upon the Item and  Append_Nul parameters.  Check that the function
To_Ada produces a correct string result, with  lower bound of 1, and
length dependent upon the Item and Trim_Nul  parameters.  Check that
the function To_Ada raises Terminator_Error if the parameter Trim_Nul
is set to True, but the actual Item parameter  does not contain the nul
char.

CXB3005

Check that the procedure To_C converts the character elements of a
string parameter into char elements of the char_array parameter
Target, with nul termination if parameter Append_Nul is true.    Check
that the out parameter Count of procedure To_C is set to the
appropriate value for both the nul/no nul terminated cases.  Check that
Constraint_Error is propagated by procedure To_C if the  length of the
char_array parameter Target is not sufficient to hold the converted
string value.  Check that the Procedure To_Ada converts char elements
of the  char_array parameter Item to the corresponding character
elements of string out parameter Target.   Check that Constraint_Error
is propagated by Procedure To_Ada if the  length of string parameter
Target is not long enough to hold the  converted char_array value.
Check that Terminator_Error is propagated by Procedure To_Ada if the
parameter Trim_Nul is set to True, but the actual Item parameter
contains no nul char.

CXB3006

Check that the function To_C maps between the Ada type Wide_Character
and the C type wchar_t.  Check that the function To_Ada maps between
the C type wchar_t and  the Ada type Wide_Character.  Check that the
function Is_Nul_Terminated returns True if the wchar_array parameter
contains wide_nul, and otherwise False.  Check that the function To_C
produces a correct wchar_array result, with lower bound of 0, and
length dependent upon the Item and  Append_Nul parameters.  Check that
the function To_Ada produces a correct wide_string result, with lower
bound of 1, and length dependent upon the Item and  Trim_Nul
parameters.  Check that the function To_Ada raises Terminator_Error if
the parameter Trim_Nul is set to True, but the actual Item parameter
does not contain the wide_nul wchar_t.

CXB3007

Check that the procedure To_C converts the Wide_Character elements of a
Wide_String parameter into wchar_t elements of the wchar_array
parameter Target, with wide_nul termination if parameter Append_Nul is
true.    Check that the out parameter Count of procedure To_C is set to
the  appropriate value for both the wide_nul/no wide_nul terminated
cases.  Check that Constraint_Error is propagated by procedure To_C if
the length of the wchar_array parameter Target is not sufficient to
hold the converted Wide_String value.  Check that the Procedure To_Ada
converts wchar_t elements of the  wchar_array parameter Item to the
corresponding Wide_Character elements of Wide_String out parameter
Target.   Check that Constraint_Error is propagated by Procedure To_Ada
if the length of Wide_String parameter Target is not long enough to
hold the converted wchar_array value.  Check that Terminator_Error is
propagated by Procedure To_Ada if the parameter Trim_Nul is set to
True, but the actual Item parameter  contains no wide_n

CXB3008

Check that functions imported from the C language <string.h> and
<stdlib.h> libraries can be called from an Ada program.

CXB3009

Check that the function To_Chars_Ptr will return a Null_Ptr value when
the parameter Item is null.  If the parameter Item is not null, and
references a chars_array object that does contain the char nul,  and
parameter Nul_Check is True, check that To_Chars_Ptr performs a pointer
conversion from char_array_access type to chars_ptr type. Check that if
parameter Item is not null, and references a  chars_array object that
does not contain nul, and parameter Nul_Check is True, the To_Chars_Ptr
function will propagate Terminator_Error.  Check that the
New_Char_Array function will return a chars_ptr type pointer to an
allocated object that has been initialized with  the value of parameter
Chars.  Check that the function New_String returns a chars_ptr
initialized to a nul-terminated string having the value of the Str
parameter.

CXB3010

Check that the Procedure Free resets the parameter Item to Null_Ptr.
Check that Free has no effect if Item is Null_Ptr.  Check that the
version of Function Value with a chars_ptr parameter returning a
char_array result returns the prefix of an array of  chars.    Check
that the version of Function Value with a chars_ptr parameter and a
size_t parameter returning a char_array result returns the shorter of:
1) the first size_t number of characters, or 2) the characters up to
and including the first nul.    Check that both of the above versions
of Function Value propagate Dereference_Error if the Item parameter is
Null_Ptr.

CXB3011

Check that the version of Function Value with a chars_ptr parameter
that returns a String result returns an Ada string containing the
characters pointed to by the chars_ptr parameter, up to (but not
including) the terminating nul.  Check that the version of Function
Value with a chars_ptr parameter and a size_t parameter that returns a
String result returns the shorter of:  1) a String of the first size_t
number of characters, or  2) a String of characters up to (but not
including) the terminating nul.  Check that the Function Strlen returns
a size_t result that corresponds to the number of chars in the array
pointed to by Item, up to but not including the terminating nul.  Check
that both of the above versions of Function Value and Function Strlen
propagate Dereference_Error if the Item parameter is Null_Ptr.

CXB3012

Check that Procedure Update modifies the value pointed to by  the
chars_ptr parameter Item, starting at the position  corresponding to
parameter Offset, using the chars in  char_array parameter Chars.
Check that the version of Procedure Update with a String parameter
behaves in the manner described above, but with the character  values
in the String overwriting the char values in Item.  Check that both of
the above versions of Procedure Update will  propagate Update_Error if
Check is True, and if the length of  the new chars in Chars, when
overlaid starting from position  Offset, will overwrite the first nul
in Item.

CXB30132

Check that imported, user-defined C language functions can be  called
from an Ada program.

CXB3014

Check that the Function Value with Pointer and Element  parameters will
return an Element_Array result of correct size  and content (up to and
including the first "terminator" Element).   Check that the Function
Value with Pointer and Length parameters  will return an Element_Array
result of appropriate size and content (the first Length elements
pointed to by the parameter Ref).  Check that both versions of Function
Value will propagate  Interfaces.C.Strings.Dereference_Error when the
value of the Ref pointer parameter is null.

CXB3015

Check that the "+" and "-" functions with Pointer and ptrdiff_t
parameters that return Pointer values produce correct results,  based
on the size of the array elements.  Check that the "-" function with
two Pointer parameters that  returns a ptrdiff_t type parameter
produces correct results,  based on the size of the array elements.
Check that each of the "+" and "-" functions above will  propagate
Pointer_Error if a Pointer parameter is null.  Check that the Increment
and Decrement procedures provide the  correct "pointer arithmetic"
operations.

CXB3016

Check that function Virtual_Length returns the number of elements in
the array referenced by the Pointer parameter Ref, up to (but  not
including) the (first) instance of the element specified in  the
Terminator parameter.  Check that the procedure Copy_Terminated_Array
copies the array of elements referenced by Pointer parameter Source,
into the array  pointed to by parameter Target, based on which of the
following  two scenarios occurs first: 1) copying the Terminator
element, or 2) copying the number of elements specified in parameter
Limit.  Check that procedure Copy_Terminated_Array will propagate
Dereference_Error if either the Source or Target parameter is null.
Check that procedure Copy_Array will copy an array of elements of
length specified in parameter Length, referenced by the  Pointer
parameter Source, into the array pointed to by parameter Target.  Check
that procedure Copy_Array will propagate Dereference_Error if either
the Source or Target parameter is null.

CXB3017

Check that exported Ada subprograms and objects can be used from
a C function. Part 1: Using pragma Export.

CXB3018

Check that exported Ada subprograms and objects can be used from
a C function. Part 2: Using Export aspects in aspect_specifications.

CXB3019

Check that Program_Error is raised by the predefined equality operator
for an unchecked union type if either operand does not have inferable
discriminants.

CXB3020

Check that Program_Error is raised by the predefined equality operator
for any type that has a subcomponent of an unchecked union type whose
nominal subtype is unconstrained.

CXB3021

Check that Program_Error is raised by a membership test if a
subtype_mark denotes a constrained unchecked union subtype and the
expression lacks inferable discriminants.

CXB3022

Check that Program_Error is raised by the conversion from a derived
unchecked union type to an unconstrained non-unchecked-union type if
the operand of the conversion lacks inferable discriminants.

CXB3023

Check correct operation of unchecked unions:
   1) Calling a C routine to process an unchecked_union results in
      same result as produced by corresponding routine in Ada
   2) Predefined equality should raise Program_Error if either object
      in the comparison does not have inferrable_discriminants
Part 1: Pragma Unchecked_Union.

CXB3024

Check correct operation of unchecked unions:
   1) Calling a C routine to process an unchecked_union results in
      same result as produced by corresponding routine in Ada
   2) Predefined equality should raise Program_Error if either object
      in the comparison does not have inferrable_discriminants
Part 2: Unchecked_Union aspect clauses.

CXB4001

Check that the specifications of the package Interfaces.COBOL are
available for use

CXB4002

Check that the procedure To_COBOL converts the character elements  of
the String parameter Item into COBOL_Character elements of the
Alphanumeric type parameter Target, using the Ada_to_COBOL mapping  as
the basis of conversion.   Check that the parameter Last contains the
index of the last element  of parameter Target that was assigned by
To_COBOL.  Check that Constraint_Error is propagated by procedure
To_COBOL  when the length of String parameter Item exceeds the length
of  Alphanumeric parameter Target.  Check that the procedure To_Ada
converts the COBOL_Character  elements of the Alphanumeric parameter
Item into Character elements  of the String parameter Target, using the
COBOL_to_Ada mapping array  as the basis of conversion.   Check that
the parameter Last contains the index of the last element  of parameter
Target that was assigned by To_Ada.  Check that Constraint_Error is
propagated by procedure To_Ada when  the length of Alphanumeric
parameter Item exceeds the length of  String parameter Target.

CXB4003

Check that function Valid, with the Display_Format parameter  set to
Unsigned, will return True if Numeric parameter Item  comprises one or
more decimal digit characters; check that it  returns False if the
parameter Item is otherwise comprised.  Check that function Valid, with
Display_Format parameter set to  Leading_Separate, will return True if
Numeric parameter Item  comprises a single occurrence of a Plus_Sign or
Minus_Sign  character, and then by one or more decimal digit
characters;  check that it returns False if the parameter Item is
otherwise  comprised.  Check that function Valid, with Display_Format
parameter set to  Trailing_Separate, will return True if Numeric
parameter Item  comprises one or more decimal digit characters, and
then by a  single occurrence of the Plus_Sign or Minus_Sign character;
check that it returns False if the parameter Item is otherwise
comprised.

CXB4004

Check that function Length, with Display_Format parameter, will  return
the minimal length of a Numeric value that will be required  to hold
the largest value of type Num represented as Format.   Check that
function To_Decimal will produce a decimal type Num  result that
corresponds to parameter Item as represented by  parameter Format.
Check that function To_Decimal propagates Conversion_Error when  the
value represented by parameter Item is outside the range of  the
Decimal_Type Num used to instantiate the package  Decimal_Conversions
Check that function To_Display returns a Numeric type result that
represents Item under the specific Display_Format.  Check that function
To_Display propagates Conversion_Error when  parameter Item is negative
and the specified Display_Format  parameter is Unsigned.

CXB4005

Check that the function To_COBOL will convert a String  parameter value
into a type Alphanumeric array of  COBOL_Characters, with lower bound
of one, and length  equal to length of the String parameter, based on
the  mapping Ada_to_COBOL.  Check that the function To_Ada will convert
a type  Alphanumeric parameter value into a String type result,  with
lower bound of one, and length equal to the length  of the Alphanumeric
parameter, based on the mapping  COBOL_to_Ada.  Check that the
Ada_to_COBOL and COBOL_to_Ada mapping  arrays provide a mapping
capability between Ada's type  Character and COBOL run-time character
sets.

CXB4006

Check that the function Valid with Packed_Decimal and Packed_Format
parameters returns True if Item (the Packed_Decimal parameter) has a
value consistent with the Packed_Format parameter.  Check that the
function Length with Packed_Format parameter returns the minimal length
of a Packed_Decimal value sufficient to hold any value of type Num when
represented according to parameter Format.  Check that the function
To_Decimal with Packed_Decimal and  Packed_Format parameters produces a
decimal type value corresponding  to the Packed_Decimal parameter value
Item, under the conditions of  the Packed_Format parameter Format.
Check that the function To_Packed with Decimal (Num) and  Packed_Format
parameters produces a Packed_Decimal result that  corresponds to the
decimal parameter under conditions of the  Packed_Format parameter.
Check that Conversion_Error is propagated by function To_Packed if  the
value of the decimal parameter Item is negative and the specified
Packed_Format parameter is Packed_Unsigned.

CXB4007

Check that the function Valid with Byte_Array and Binary_Format
parameters returns True if the Byte_Array parameter corresponds  to any
value inside the range of type Num. Check that function Valid returns
False if the Byte_Array parameter corresponds to a value outside the
range of Num.   Check that function Length with Binary_Format parameter
will return the minimum length of a Byte_Array value required to hold
any value of decimal type Num.  Check that function To_Decimal with
Byte_Array and Binary_Format parameters will return a decimal type
value that corresponds to parameter Item (of type Byte_Array) under the
specified Format.  Check that Conversion_Error is propagated by
function To_Decimal if the Byte_Array parameter Item represents a
decimal value outside the range of decimal type Num.  Check that
function To_Binary will produce a Byte_Array result that corresponds to
the decimal type parameter Item, under the specified Binary_Format.

CXB4008

Check that the function To_Decimal with Binary parameter will return
the corresponding value of the decimal type Num.  Check that the
function To_Decimal with Long_Binary parameter will  return the
corresponding value of the decimal type Num.  Check that both of the
To_Decimal functions described above will  propagate Conversion_Error
if the converted value Item is outside  the range of type Num.  Check
that the function To_Binary converts a value of the Ada  decimal type
Num into a Binary type value.  Check that the function To_Long_Binary
converts a value of the Ada  decimal type Num into a Long_Binary type
value.

CXB40093

Check that using Pragma Import (which references a COBOL subprogram) as
a completion of a procedure declaration will allow the use of the
imported subprogram by the calling routine.

CXB5001

Check that the specification of the package Interfaces.Fortran are
available for use.

CXB5002

Check that the Function To_Fortran with a Character parameter will
return the corresponding Fortran Character_Set value.  Check that the
Function To_Ada with a Character_Set parameter will  return the
corresponding Ada Character value.  Check that the Function To_Fortran
with a String parameter will return the corresponding Fortran_Character
value.  Check that the Function To_Ada with a Fortran_Character
parameter will return the corresponding Ada String value.

CXB5003

Check that the procedure To_Fortran converts the character elements of
the String parameter Item into Character_Set elements of the
Fortran_Character type parameter Target.  Check that the parameter
Last contains the index of the last element of parameter Target  that
was assigned by To_Fortran.  Check that Constraint_Error is propagated
by procedure To_Fortran when the length of String parameter Item
exceeds the length of  Fortran_Character parameter Target.  Check that
the procedure To_Ada converts the Character_Set elements of the
Fortran_Character parameter Item into Character elements of the String
parameter Target.  Check that the parameter Last contains the index of
the last element of parameter Target  that was assigned by To_Ada.
Check that Constraint_Error is propagated by procedure To_Ada when the
length of Fortran_Character parameter Item exceeds the length of
String parameter Target.

CXB5004

Check that using Pragma Import (which references a Fortran subprogram)
as a completion of a subprogram declaration will allow the use of the
imported subprogram by the calling routine.

CXB5005

Check that using Pragmas Import and Convention allow modification of an
array in Fortran's column-major order.

CXC3001

Check that Is_Attached returns False for all non-reserved interrupts to
which no user-defined handler has been attached.  Check that a
user-defined handler can be attached to every interrupt for which
Is_Reserved returns False. Check that Is_Attached returns True for all
non-reserved interrupts to which a user-defined handler has been
attached. Check that if Detach_Handler is subsequently called for such
an interrupt, Is_Attached returns False.  Check that, for procedures
Attach_Handler and Exchange_Handler, if the parameter New_Handler
designates a protected procedure to which the pragma Interrupt_Handler
does not apply, Program_Error is raised and the existing interrupt
treatment is not modified.

CXC3002

Check that Program_Error is raised if the interrupt corresponding to
that specified by the expression in pragma Attach_Handler is reserved.

CXC3003

Check that when a protected object is finalized, for any of its
procedures that are attached to interrupts, the handler is detached.
Check that if the handler was attached by a pragma Attach_Handler, the
previous handler is restored.

CXC3004

Check that an exception propagated from a handler invoked by an
interrupt has no effect. Check that the exception causes further
execution of the handler to be abandoned.

CXC3005

Check that Program_Error is raised if an actual parameter of type
Ada.Interrupts.Interrupt_ID is passed in a call to any of the following
operations in package Ada.Interrupts, and the specified interrupt is
reserved: Is_Attached, Current_Handler, Attach_Handler,
Exchange_Handler, Detach_Handler.

CXC3006

Check that Program_Error is raised if, by using the Ada.Interrupts
procedure Attach_Handler, Detach_Handler, or Exchange_Handler, an
attempt is made to detach an interrupt handler that was attached using
the pragma Attach_Handler. Check that, in each case, the handler
attached by the pragma is not detached.

CXC3007

Check that if the actual parameter corresponding to the formal
parameter New_Handler in a call to either of the procedures
Ada.Interrupts.Attach_Handler or Ada.Interrupts.Exchange_Handler has
one of the following values, the default treatment for the specified
interrupt is restored:  The value null. The value returned by the
function Current_Handler when no user-defined handler is attached to
the specified interrupt.

CXC3008

Check that the procedures Ada.Interrupts.Attach_Handler and
Ada.Interrupts.Exchange_Handler attach a specified handler to a
specified interrupt, overriding any existing treatment. Check that, for
Exchange_Handler, the value returned in Old_Handler designates the
previous treatment for the interrupt.  Check that the procedure
Ada.Interrupts.Current_Handler returns a value that represents the
attached handler of the specified interrupt.  Check that the procedure
Ada.Interrupts.Detach_Handler restores the default treatment for the
specified interrupt.  Check that an attached handler is called once for
each delivered interrupt occurrence.

CXC3009

Check that an exception propagated from a handler invoked by an
interrupt has no effect. Check that the exception causes further
execution of the handler to be abandoned.

CXC3010

Check that if, by using the Attach_Handler (or Detach_Handler, or
Exchange_Handler) procedures, an attempt is made to detach a handler that was
attached statically (using the aspect Attach_Handler), the handler is not
detached and Program_Error is raised.

CXC6001

Check that atomic and volatile elementary types that are not by-copy
types, as well as types with subcomponents that are atomic or volatile
are by-reference types.

CXC6002

For volatile composite types that are not by-copy types, and types with
volatile subcomponents: check that parameters are passed by copy when
an actual parameter is defined as volatile, and the formal parameter is
not.

CXC6003

Check that all reads and updates of atomic and volatile  objects are
performed directly to memory. Check that reads and updates of atomic
objects are indivisible. Check that pragma Pack and pragma
Atomic_Components can be used together.

CXC7001

In the package Ada.Task_Identification, check that Current_Task returns
the Task_ID of the calling task; Abort_Task aborts the task
corresponding to the Task_ID parameter; Is_Terminated and Is_Callable
return the corresponding attribute values for the task corresponding to
the Task_ID parameter.  Check that an object of type Task_ID is default
initialized to Null_Task_ID.  Check that the attribute T'Identity
returns a Task_ID that identifies task T and the C'Caller returns a
Task_ID that identifies the caller of entry E.

CXC7002

Check that when an instance of package Task_Attributes is elaborated,
an object of the actual type corresponding to the formal type Attribute
is implicitly created for each task that exists and is not yet
terminated. Check that Value returns the value set by Set_Value. Check
that Tasking_Error is raised if a Task_Attributes  operation is
attempted on a terminated task. Check that Program_Error is raised if a
Task_Attributes operation is attempted on a null Task_Id.

CXC7003

Check that the Task_Attributes operations Set_Value and Reinitialize
performs finalization on the old value of the attribute of the
specified task.

CXC7004

Check that Ada.Task_Identification.Is_Callable returns the correct
results for the environment task. (The requirements of this test are
confirmed by AI-00206).
Check that Ada.Task_Identification.Current_Task and the Caller
attribute can return the environment task.

CXC7005

Check that an object of a task interface type can be the prefix of the
Identity attribute.

CXC7006

Check the functionality of Ada.Task_Termination.

CXD1001

Check that the range of System.Priority is at least 30 values; that
System.Interrupt_Priority has at least one value and is higher than
System.Priority and the System.Default_Priority is at the center of the
range of System.Priority.   Check the behavior of
Ada.Dynamic_Priorities.Set_Priority and Get_Priority; specifically that
Set_Priority will set a value that can later be confirmed with
Get_Priority.     Check that, in the absence of Pragma Priority, the
main subprogram has a base priority of Default_Priority.

CXD1002

Check that the base priority of the main subprogram can be set by means
of pragma priority.    Check that a task's base priority is the
priority of the parent at the time the task is created when the
priority of the parent has been set by means of pragma priority  Check
that a task's base priority is the priority of the parent at the time
the task is created when the priority of the grandfather has been set
by means of pragma priority

CXD1003

Check that during rendezvous, the task accepting the entry call
inherits the active priority of the caller.  Specifically, check  when
the caller has a higher priority than the receiver.

CXD1004

Check that during activation, a task being activated inherits the
active priority of its activator (in this case the activator's base
priority).  Check that, if this priority is higher than the  base
priority of the activated task, this base priority remains unchanged.

CXD1005

Check that, during activation, a task being activated inherits the
active priority of its activator.  Specifically, check when the  active
priority of the activator is higher than the activator's Base
Priority.  Check that if the priority of the activated task is higher
than its base priority, the base priority remains unchanged.

CXD1006

Check that if there is no expression in an Interrupt_Priority pragma
that the priority value is Interrupt_Priority'Last.

CXD1007

Check that a priority pragma has no effect if it occurs in the
declarative_part of a subprogram_body other than the main  subprogram.
Check that the priority specified for the main subprogram sets  the
priority of the environment task. Check that dynamic values can be
specified in the interrupt_priority and priority pragmas.

CXD1008

Check that task scheduling, floating point operations, and exceptions
work properly together.

CXD2001

Check that when Task_Dispatching_Policy is FIFO_Within_Priorities and
the setting of the base priority of a task takes effect, the task is
added to the tail of the ready queue of its active priority.

CXD2002

Check that when Task_Dispatching_Policy is FIFO_Within_Priorities and a
task executes a delay statement that does not result in  blocking, it
is added to the tail of the ready queue of its active priority.

CXD2003

Check that when Task_Dispatching_Policy is FIFO_Within_Priorities and
and a task's priority is lowered due to the loss of inherited priority
it is added to the head of the ready queue for its  priority

CXD2004

Check that when Task_Dispatching_Policy is FIFO_Within_Priorities  and
the active priority of a running task is lowered due to loss of  its
inherited priority and there is a ready task of the same priority  that
is not running, the running task continues to run.

CXD2005   (This test has been removed)

Check that when the active priority of a ready task that is  not
running changes that the task is removed from the ready  queue for its
old active priority and is added at the tail  of the ready queue for
its new active priority.

CXD2006

Check that priority ceases to be inherited as soon as the  condition
calling for the inheritance no longer exists.

CXD2007

Check that a new running task is selected whenever there is a nonempty
ready queue with a higher priority than the priority of the running
task. Check that when a task is preempted it is added to the  head of
the ready queue for its active priority.

CXD2008

Check that if the Task_Dispatching_Policy is  FIFO_Within_Priorities
and a blocked task becomes ready then it is added to the tail of the
ready queue for its  priority.

CXD3001

Check that Program_Error is raised if a task calls a protected
operation who's ceiling is lower than the task's active priority. Check
this for Function, Procedure and Entry.  Check that the  exception is
not raised if the ceiling is equal to or higher than the priority of
the calling task.

CXD3002

Check that when Locking_Policy is Ceiling_Locking and no pragma
Priority, Interrupt_Priority, Interrupt_Handler or Attach_Handler is
specified in a protected definition the  Ceiling Priority of the
protected object is System.Priority'Last

CXD3003

Check that when Locking_Policy is Ceiling_Locking and no pragma
Priority or Interrupt_Priority is specified in a protected  definition
but a pragma Interrupt_Handler is specified, the  ceiling priority is
in the range of System.Interrupt_Priority.

CXD4001

Check that when Priority Queuing is in effect and the base priority  of
a task is set (changed), the priorities of any queued calls from that
task are updated and that the ordering is modified accordingly.

CXD4002

Check that if no Queuing_Policy is specified, the policy for the
partition is FIFO_Queuing and that the priorities of the calling  tasks
have no effect.

CXD4003

Check that if Queuing_Policy FIFO_Queuing is specified for a  partition
the task entry queues are handled in FIFO order and  that the
priorities of the calling tasks have no effect.

CXD4004

Check that changes to the active priority of the caller do not affect
the priority of a call after it is first queued when the queuing policy
is priority queuing.

CXD4005

Check that when Priority Queuing is in effect and the base priority  of
a task is set (changed), the priorities of any queued calls from that
task to entries in a Protected Object are updated and that the
ordering is modified accordingly.

CXD4006

Check that if Queuing_Policy is Priority_Queuing, the calls to an entry
are queued in an order consistent with the priority of the calls and
that if an entry is removed and then reinserted it is  added behind any
other calls with equal priority in that queue.

CXD4007

Check that when multiple entry_barriers of a protected object become
True and more than one of the respective queues are nonempty, the call
with the highest priority is selected.   Check that a minimum of 30
different priorities can be specified and that the priorities make a
difference in the task scheduling.

CXD4008

Check that when: multiple entry_barriers of a protected object become
True, more than one of the respective queues are nonempty, and the
callers are all of the same priority then the entries are taken in
textual order. Check that when: multiple alternatives of a
selective_accept have queued callers and  the callers are all of the
same priority then the accept_alternative that is textually first in
the selective_accept is selected.

CXD4009

Check that when multiple alternatives of a selective_accept have queued
callers and the callers are all of different priority then the
accept_alternative that has the highest priority task waiting is
selected.

CXD4010

Check that if the expiration time of two open delay_alternatives is the
same and no other accept_alternatives are open then the
sequence_of_statements of the delay_alternative that is first in
textual order in the selective_accept is executed.

CXD5001

Check that for Get_Priority, Tasking_Error is raised if the specified
task has terminated.  Check that for Get & Set Priority, Program_Error
is raised if the task has a null Task_Identification.

CXD5002   (This test has been removed)

Check that when setting a task's base priority to a new value that the
new value does not take effect while the task is  performing a
protected action.

CXD6001

Check that an aborted construct is completed immediately at the first
point that is outside the execution of an  abort-deferred operation.

CXD6002

Check that in an asynchronous transfer of control an aborted construct
is completed immediately at the first point that is outside the
execution of an  abort-deferred operation.

CXD6003

Check that in an asynchronous transfer of control an aborted construct
is completed immediately at the first point that is outside the
execution of an abort-deferred operation where the abort-deferred
operation is the default initialization and finalization of a
controlled object, or an assignment to a controlled type object.

CXD8001

Check the basic functions in the Package Ada.Real_Time.

CXD8002

Check that Ada.Real_Time.Time can be used in a  delay_until_statement.
Check that a delay_statement blocks the task for at least as long as
the requested delay as measured by Real_Time.Clock.

CXD8003

Check that the Ada.Real_Time package operations Split and Time_Of
operations work properly. Check that the clock does not jump
backwards.

CXD9001

Check that when a delay_statement appears in a delay_alternative of  a
timed_entry_call the entry call is attempted regardless of the
specified expiration time.

CXDA001

Check that, in Ada.Synchronous_Task_Control, Set_True and Set_False
alter the state of a Suspension_Object appropriately.  Check that
Current_State returns the expected state.  Check that the initial
value of a Suspension_Object is set to false.

CXDA002

Check that, in Ada.Synchronous_Task_Control, Suspend_Until_True does
suspend the task until the Suspension_Object is Set_True. Check that a
call on Suspend_Until_True will raise  Program_Error if another task is
waiting on the same  Suspension_Object.

CXDA003

Check that Set_False and Set_True can be called during a protected
operation that has its ceiling priority in the Interrupt_Priority
range.

CXDA004

Check that Set_False and Set_True can be called from an interrupt
handler. Check that a Suspension_Object is a by reference type. Check
that Current_State returns the current state of a suspension object.
Check that Program_Error is raised upon calling Suspend_Until_True if
another task is waiting on that suspension object.

CXDB001

Check that, in Ada.Asynchronous_Task_Control, the Hold operation
reduces the priority of the target task to such a state that it does
not  run and that Continue raises it such that it will run again.
Check that  Is_Held returns true if, and only if, the target task is in
the Held state. Check that Tasking_Error is raised if any of these
operations is applied to a task that is terminated.

CXDB002

Check that the effect of calling Get_Priority and Set_Priority on a
Held task is the same as on any other task.

CXDB003

Check that if a task becomes Held while waiting in a selective accept
and an entry call is issued to one of the open entries, the
corresponding accept body executes.  Check that once the rendezvous
completes the task does not execute until another Continue.

CXDB004

Check that if a calling task is Held while waiting for a rendezvous  to
complete the active priority of the receiver is unaffected.

CXDB005   (This test has been removed)

Check that Hold-ing a task causes that task to no longer actively
contribute to the priority inheritance of other  tasks.

CXDC001   (This test has been removed)

Check that Unchecked_Deallocation is supported for terminated tasks
that are designated by access types and has the effect  of releasing
all the storage associated with the task.

CXE1001

Check that the attribute D'Partition_ID is available where D denotes a
library level declaration.  Check that this attribute identifies the
partition in which D is elaborated.

CXE2001

Check that only one copy of the data in a shared passive library unit
is present in a program. Check that a protected object declared in a
shared passive library unit can be used from both partitions of a two
partition  program.

CXE2002

Check the requirements of the revised E.2(4) from Technical
Corrigendum 1 (originally discussed as AI95-00048).
A shared passive or remote types library unit must be a package or
generic package, not a subprogram or generic subprogram.

CXE4001

Check that exception propagation between partitions is properly
handled.  In particular check that: a predefined exception can be
raised in one partition and handled in  another;  an exception declared
in a remote call interface library unit  can be raised in one partition
and handled in another partition; an exception declared in partition A
and not visible to partition B  can be raised in partition A and
handled in partition B with an others  clause; an exception declared in
a partition A and not visible to partition B can be raised in partition
A, propagated through partition B, and  handled back in A.

CXE4002

Check that parameter passing to remote procedures is handled  properly
when the size of the parameters can be determined at  compile time.
Check that the following types can be passed  as parameters:  integer,
float, static sized arrays, and simple records.  Check the parameter
passing using all three modes  and check that function results of the
various types are handled  properly.  Check that both direct subprogram
calls and indirect  calls through a value of a remote access to
subprogram can be  used for the call.

CXE4003

Check that the task executing a remote subprogram call blocks until the
subprogram in the called partition returns. Check that a remote
procedure call can be aborted. Check that remote subprogram calls are
executed at most once. Check that potentially concurrent calls from
multiple tasks can be handled by the PCS.

CXE4004

Check that parameter passing to remote procedures is handled  properly
when the parameters are of a dynamic size or have discriminants.  Check
that the following types can be passed as parameters:  dynamic sized
arrays, constrained discriminated records,  unconstrained discriminated
records, and tagged records.   Check the parameter passing using all
three modes and check  that function results of the various types are
handled properly. Check that both direct subprogram calls and indirect
calls through a value of a remote access to subprogram can be used  for
the call.

CXE4005

Check that calls can be made to remote procedures when a  dispatching
call is made to a remote access to class wide type.  (5) Check that
Program_Error is raised if the tag of the actual parameter identifies a
tagged type declared in a normal package or in the body of a remote
call interface package. (18) Check that in a dispatching call with two
controlling  operands, Constraint_Error is raised if the two remote
access-to-class-wide values originated from Access attribute_references
in different partitions. (19)

CXE4006

Check that calls can be made to remote procedures when a  dispatching
call is made where the controlling operand designates a type declared
in a remote call interface package. Check that tagged types can be
passed between partitions when passed as a class-wide type. In a remote
subprogram call with a formal parameter of a class-wide type, check
that Program_Error is raised if the actual parameter identifies a
tagged type declared in a  normal package.

CXE5001

Check that the specifications of the package System.RPC are available
for use.

CXE5002

Check that the Partition Communication Subsystem is used for handling
remote calls. Check that pragma Asynchronous causes procedure Do_APC to
be called and that all other calls go through Do_RPC.  Check that
pragma All_Calls_Remote is honored by making a call to an RCI unit in
the same partition.

CXE5003

Check that System.RPC.Establish_RPC_Receiver is called once  after
elaborating the library units of a partition and prior to invoking the
main procedure for the partition.

CXF1001

Check that values of 2 and 10 are allowable values for Machine_Radix
of a decimal first subtype. Check that the value of
Decimal.Max_Decimal_Digits is at least 18;  the value of
Decimal.Max_Scale is at least 18; the value of  Decimal.Min_Scale is at
most 0.

CXF2001

Check that the Divide procedure provides the following results:
Quotient = Dividend divided by Divisor  and Remainder = Dividend -
(Divisor * Quotient) Check that the Remainder is calculated exactly.

CXF2002

Check that the multiplying operators for a decimal fixed point type
return values that are integral multiples of the small of the type.
Check the case where the operand and result types are the same.  Check
that if the mathematical result is between multiples of the small of
the result type, the result is truncated toward zero. Check that if the
attribute 'Round is applied to the mathematical result, however, the
result is rounded to the nearest multiple of the small (away from zero
if the result is midway between two multiples of the small).

CXF2003

Check that the multiplying operators for a decimal fixed point type
return values that are integral multiples of the small of the type.
Check the case where the two operands are of different decimal fixed
point types.  Check that if the mathematical result is between
multiples of the small of the result type, the result is truncated
toward zero. Check that if the attribute 'Round is applied to the
mathematical result, however, the result is rounded to the nearest
multiple of the small (away from zero if the result is midway between
two multiples of the small).

CXF2004

Check that the multiplying operators for a decimal fixed point type
return values that are integral multiples of the small of the type.
Check the case where one operand is of an ordinary fixed point type.
Check that if the mathematical result is between multiples of the small
of the result type, the result is truncated toward zero. Check that if
the attribute 'Round is applied to the mathematical result, however,
the result is rounded to the nearest multiple of the small (away from
zero if the result is midway between two multiples of the small).

CXF2005

Check that the multiplying operators for a decimal fixed point type
return values that are integral multiples of the small of the type.
Check the case where one operand is of the predefined type Integer.

CXF2A01

Check that the binary adding operators for a decimal fixed point type
return values that are integral multiples of the small of the type.

CXF2A02

Check that the multiplying operators for a decimal fixed point type
return values that are integral multiples of the small of the type.
Check the case where the operand and result types are the same.  Check
that if the mathematical result is between multiples of the small of
the result type, the result is truncated toward zero.

CXF3001

Check that the edited output string value returned by Function Image is
correct.

CXF3002

Check that the functionality contained in package
Ada.Wide_Text_IO.Editing is available and produces correct results.

CXF3003

Check that statically identifiable picture strings can be used to
produce correctly formatted edited output.

CXF3004

Check that statically identifiable picture strings can be used in
conjunction with function Image to produce output strings  appropriate
to foreign currency representations.  Check that statically
identifiable picture strings will cause function Image to raise
Layout_Error under the appropriate  conditions.

CXF3A01

Check that the function Ada.Text_IO.Editing.Valid returns False if a)
Pic_String is not a well-formed Picture string, or b) the length of
Pic_String exceeds Max_Picture_Length, or c) Blank_When_Zero is True
and Pic_String contains '*'; Check that Valid otherwise returns True.

CXF3A02

Check that the function Ada.Text_IO.Editing.To_Picture raises
Picture_Error if the picture string provided as input parameter does
not conform to the composition constraints defined for picture
strings. Check that when Pic_String is applied to To_Picture, the
result is equivalent to the actual string parameter of To_Picture;
Check that when Blank_When_Zero is applied to To_Picture, the result is
the same value as the Blank_When_Zero parameter of To_Picture.

CXF3A03

Check that function Length in the generic package Decimal_Output
returns the number of characters in the edited output string  produced
by function Image, for a particular decimal type,  currency string, and
radix mark. Check that function Valid in the generic package
Decimal_Output  returns correct results based on the particular decimal
value,  and the Picture and Currency string parameters.

CXF3A04

Check that the edited output string value returned by Function Image is
correct.

CXF3A05

Check that Function Image produces correct results when provided
non-default parameters for Currency, Fill, Separator, and  Radix_Mark
at either the time of package Decimal_Output instantiation, or in a
call to Image.  Check non-default parameters that are  appropriate for
foreign currency representations.

CXF3A06

Check that Ada.Text_IO.Editing.Put and Ada.Text_IO.Put have the same
effect.

CXF3A07

Check that Ada.Text_IO.Editing.Put and Ada.Strings.Fixed.Move have the
same effect in putting edited output results into string variables.

CXF3A08

Check that the version of Ada.Text_IO.Editing.Put with an out  String
parameter propagates Layout_Error if the edited output string  result
of Put exceeds the length of the out String parameter.

CXG1001

Check that the subprograms defined in the package
Ada.Numerics.Generic_Complex_Types provide correct results.
Specifically, check the functions Re, Im (both versions), procedures
Set_Re, Set_Im (both versions), functions Compose_From_Cartesian (all
versions), Compose_From_Polar, Modulus, Argument, and "abs".

CXG1002

Check that the subprograms defined in the package
Ada.Numerics.Generic_Complex_Types provide the prescribed results.
Specifically, check the various versions of functions "+" and "-".

CXG1003

Check that the subprograms defined in the package Text_IO.Complex_IO
provide correct results.

CXG1004

Check that the specified exceptions are raised by the subprograms
defined in package Ada.Numerics.Generic_Complex_Elementary_Functions
given the prescribed input parameter values.

CXG1005

Check that the subprograms defined in the package
Ada.Numerics.Generic_Complex_Elementary_Functions provide correct
results.

CXG2001

Check that the floating point attributes Model_Mantissa,
Machine_Mantissa, Machine_Radix, and Machine_Rounds are properly
reported.

CXG2002

Check that the complex "abs" or modulus function returns results that
are within the error bound allowed.

CXG2003

Check that the sqrt function returns results that are within the error
bound allowed.

CXG2004

Check that the sin and cos functions return results that are within the
error bound allowed.

CXG2005

Check that floating point addition and multiplication have the required
accuracy.

CXG2006

Check that the complex Argument function returns results that are
within the error bound allowed. Check that Argument_Error is raised if
the Cycle parameter is less than or equal to zero.

CXG2007

Check that the complex Compose_From_Polar function returns results that
are within the error bound allowed. Check that Argument_Error is raised
if the Cycle parameter is less than or equal to zero.

CXG2008

Check that the complex multiplication and division operations return
results that are within the allowed error bound. Check that all the
required pure Numerics packages are pure.

CXG2009

Check that the real sqrt and complex modulus functions return results
that are within the allowed error bound.

CXG2010

Check that the exp function returns results that are within the error
bound allowed.

CXG2011

Check that the log function returns results that are within the error
bound allowed.

CXG2012

Check that the exponentiation operator returns results that are within
the error bound allowed.

CXG2013

Check that the TAN and COT functions return results that are within the
error bound allowed.

CXG2014

Check that the SINH and COSH functions return results that are within
the error bound allowed.

CXG2015

Check that the ARCSIN and ARCCOS functions return results that are
within the error bound allowed.

CXG2016

Check that the ARCTAN function returns a  result that is within the
error bound allowed.

CXG2017

Check that the TANH function returns a result that is within the error
bound allowed.

CXG2018

Check that the complex EXP function returns a result that is within the
error bound allowed.

CXG2019

Check that the complex LOG function returns a result that is within the
error bound allowed.

CXG2020

Check that the complex SQRT function returns a result that is within
the error bound allowed.

CXG2021

Check that the complex SIN and COS functions return a result that is
within the error bound allowed.

CXG2022

Check that multiplication and division of binary fixed point  numbers
with compatible 'small values produce exact results.

CXG2023

Check that multiplication and division of decimal fixed point
numbers produce exact results.

CXG2024

Check that multiplication and division of decimal  and binary fixed
point numbers that result in a decimal fixed point type produce
acceptable results.

CXH1001

Check pragma Normalize_Scalars. Check that this configuration pragma
causes uninitialized scalar objects to be set to a predictable value.
Check that multiple compilation units are affected.  Check for
uninitialized scalar objects that are subcomponents of composite
objects, unassigned out parameters, objects that have been allocated
without an initial value, and objects that are stand alone.

CXH3001

Check pragma Reviewable. Check that pragma Reviewable is accepted as a
configuration pragma.

CXH3002

Check that pragma Inspection_Point is allowed whereever a declarative
item or statement is allowed.  Check that pragma Inspection_Point may
have zero or more arguments.  Check that the execution of pragma
Inspection_Point has no effect.

CXH3003

Check pragma Reviewable. Check that pragma Reviewable is accepted as a
configuration pragma.

LA14001

Check that a compilation unit may not depend semantically on two
different versions of the same compilation unit. Check the case where a
library level function body depends on a unit that is changed.

LA14002

Check that a compilation unit may not depend semantically on two
different versions of the same compilation unit. Check the case where a
unit depends on a package whose declaration is changed.

LA14003

Check that a compilation unit may not depend semantically on two
different versions of the same compilation unit. Check the case where a
package body depends on a package specification that is changed.

LA14004

Check that a compilation unit may not depend semantically on two
different versions of the same compilation unit. Check the case where a
generic function depends on a  library level package.

LA14005

Check that a compilation unit may not depend semantically on two
different versions of the same compilation unit.  Check the case  where
a generic package body depends on a generic package  specification.

LA14006

Check that a compilation unit may not depend semantically  on two
different versions of the same compilation unit. Check the case where a
generic package depends on another generic package specification.

LA14007

Check that a compilation unit may not depend semantically on two
different versions of the same compilation unit. Check the case where a
separate procedure body depends on a non-generic package specification
that is changed.

LA14008

Check that a compilation unit may not depend semantically on two
different versions of the same compilation unit. Check the case where a
subunit function body depends on a unit that is changed.

LA14009

Check that a compilation unit may not depend semantically on two
different versions of the same compilation unit. Check the case where a
subunit package body depends on a unit that is changed.

LA14010

Check that a compilation unit may not depend semantically on two
different versions of the same compilation unit. Check the case where a
task body depends on a package  specification.

LA14011

Check that a compilation unit may not depend semantically on two
different versions of the same compilation unit. Check the case where a
library procedure depends on a unit that is changed.

LA14012

Check that a compilation unit may not depend semantically on two
different versions of the same compilation unit. Check the case where a
library level function depends on a unit that is changed.

LA14013

Check that a compilation unit may not depend semantically on two
different versions of the same compilation unit. Check the case where a
library level package depends on a package specification that is
changed.

LA14014

Check that a compilation unit may not depend semantically on two
different versions of the same compilation unit. Check the case where a
library level procedure depends on another library level procedure that
is changed.

LA14015

Check that a compilation unit may not depend semantically on two
different versions of the same compilation unit. Check the case where a
library level function depends on another library level function that
is changed.

LA14016

Check that a compilation unit may not depend semantically on two
different versions of the same compilation unit. Check the case where a
separate procedure depends on a withed generic package that is
changed.

LA14017

Check that a compilation unit may not depend semantically on two
different versions of the same compilation unit. Check the case where a
separate function semantically  depends on a library level generic
function that is changed.

LA14018

Check that a compilation unit may not depend semantically on two
different versions of the same compilation unit. Check the case where a
separate generic package body depends on a library level generic
package body that is changed.

LA14019

Check that a compilation unit may not depend semantically on two
different versions of the same compilation unit. Check the case where a
library level generic procedure depends on library level procedure that
is changed.

LA14020

Check that a compilation unit may not depend semantically on two
different versions of the same compilation unit. Check the case where a
library level instance depends on a library level generic function
whose body is changed.

LA14021

Check that a compilation unit may not depend semantically on two
different versions of the same compilation unit. Check the case where a
generic package depends on another generic package that is changed.

LA14022

Check that a compilation unit may not depend semantically on two
different versions of the same compilation unit. Check the case where a
generic instantiation depends on a generic procedure that is changed.

LA14024

Check that a compilation unit may not depend semantically on two
different versions of the same compilation unit. Check the case where a
generic instantiation depends on a generic package that is changed.

LA14025

Check that a compilation unit may not depend semantically on two
different versions of the same compilation unit. Check the case where a
generic instantiation depends on a non-generic package that is
changed.

LA14026

Check that a compilation unit may not depend semantically on two
different versions of the same compilation unit. Check the case where a
generic instantiation depends on a generic package instantiation that
is changed.

LA14027

Check that a compilation unit may not depend semantically on two
different versions of the same compilation unit. Check the case where a
task body depends on non-generic  package specification.

LA20001

Check that two units or subunits with the same expanded name cannot
be included in the same partition.

LA20002

Check that an inconsistent partition cannot be created.
Case L1: A partition cannot depend on two versions of a unit
referenced only through a limited with on a library subprogram.

LA20003

Check that an inconsistent partition cannot be created.
Case L2: A partition cannot depend on two versions of a unit
referenced through a limited with on a library package
specification and a regular with on the package body.

LXD7001

Check that a partition obeys the restriction if a configuration  pragma
Restrictions (No_Task_Hierarchy) is included.

LXD7003

Check that a partition obeys the restriction if a configuration  pragma
Restrictions (No_Abort_Statements) is included. Specifically a task
with an abort_statement is not allowed.

LXD7004

Check that a partition obeys the restriction if a configuration  pragma
Restrictions (No_Terminate_Alternatives) is included.

LXD7005

Check that a partition obeys the restriction if a configuration  pragma
Restrictions (No_Task_Allocators) is included.

LXD7006

Check that a partition obeys the restriction if a configuration  pragma
Restrictions (No_Task_Allocators) is included. Specifically  that there
are no allocators for types containing task subcomponents

LXD7007

Check that a partition obeys the restriction if a configuration  pragma
Restrictions (No_Dynamic_Priorities) is included. Specifically  when
there is a semantic dependency on Ada.Dynamic_Priorities in a package
making up the partition

LXD7008

Check that a partition obeys the restriction if a configuration  pragma
Restrictions (No_Asynchronous_Control) is included

LXD7009

Check that a partition obeys the restriction if the following
configuration restrictions are included: pragma Restrictions
(Max_Select_Alternatives => 0) pragma Restrictions
(Max_Task_Entries        => 0) pragma Restrictions
(Max_Protected_Entries   => 0)

LXE3001

This test checks that an inconsistent distributed program  is properly
detected.

LXE3002

Check that an inconsistent distributed program  is properly detected.

LXH4001

Check that pragma Restrictions (using the restrictions defined in Annex
H) applies to all units in a partition. Check that the application of
the configuration pragma Restrictions with the specific restriction:
No_Protected_Types disallows protected types in the units previously
compiled into the program library.

LXH4002

Check that pragma Restrictions (using the restrictions defined in Annex
H) applies to all units in a partition. Check that the application of
the configuration pragma Restrictions with the specific restriction:
No_Allocators disallows allocators in the units previously compiled
into the program library.

LXH4003

Check that pragma Restrictions (using the restrictions defined in Annex
H) applies to all units in a partition. Check that the application of
the configuration pragma Restrictions with the specific restriction:
No_Local_Allocators disallows local allocators in the units previously
compiled into the program library.

LXH4004

Check that pragma Restrictions (using the restrictions defined in Annex
H) applies to all units in a partition. Check that the application of
the configuration pragma Restrictions with the specific restriction:
No_Unchecked_Deallocation disallows the use of Unchecked_Deallocation
in the units previously compiled into the program library.

LXH4005

Check that pragma Restrictions (using the restrictions defined in Annex
H) applies to all units in a partition. Check that the application of
the configuration pragma Restrictions with the specific restriction:
No_Exceptions disallows exceptions in the units previously compiled
into the program library.

LXH4006

Check that pragma Restrictions (using the restrictions defined in Annex
H) applies to all units in a partition. Check that the application of
the configuration pragma Restrictions with the specific restriction:
No_Floating_Point disallows the use of floating point in the units
previously compiled into the program library.

LXH4007

Check that pragma Restrictions (using the restrictions defined in Annex
H) applies to all units in a partition. Check that the application of
the configuration pragma Restrictions with the specific restriction:
No_Fixed_Point disallows the use of fixed point in the units previously
compiled into the program library.

LXH4008

Check that pragma Restrictions (using the restrictions defined in Annex
H) applies to all units in a partition. Check that the application of
the configuration pragma Restrictions with the specific restriction:
No_Unchecked_Conversion disallows the use of Unchecked_Conversion in
the units previously compiled into the program library.

LXH4009

Check that pragma Restrictions (using the restrictions defined in Annex
H) applies to all units in a partition. Check that the application of
the configuration pragma Restrictions with the specific restriction:
No_Access_Subprograms disallows access to subprograms in the units
previously compiled into the program library.

LXH4010

Check that pragma Restrictions (using the restrictions defined in Annex
H) applies to all units in a partition. Check that the application of
the configuration pragma Restrictions with the specific restriction:
No_Unchecked_Access disallows the use of the Unchecked_Access attribute
in the units previously compiled into the program library.

LXH4011

Check that pragma Restrictions (using the restrictions defined in Annex
H) applies to all units in a partition. Check that the application of
the configuration pragma Restrictions with the specific restriction:
No_Dispatch disallows T'Class in the units previously compiled into the
program library.

LXH4012

Check that pragma Restrictions (using the restrictions defined in Annex
H) applies to all units in a partition. Check that the application of
the configuration pragma Restrictions with the specific restriction:
No_IO disallows I/O in the units previously compiled into the program
library.

LXH4013

Check that pragma Restrictions (using the restrictions defined
in Annex H) applies to all units in a partition.
Check that the application of the configuration pragma Restrictions
with the specific restriction: No_Delay
disallows delay statements in the units previously compiled into
the program library.

LXH4014

Check that pragma Restrictions (using the restrictions defined
in Annex H) applies to all units in a partition.
Check that the application of the configuration pragma Restrictions
with the specific restriction: No_Dispatch
disallows T'Class in units compiled after the configuration pragma.

